You
Peer tube is really not working, but you can hear me
Can you hear me at all?
Because peer tube is not working and I don't know I'm having all kinds of problems if you can hear me I'm gonna go
Yeah, I don't I'm not on camera yet. That's fine. All right. I'm going gee whiz. That's annoying
I
Mean everything's going wrong this morning. I don't know why I couldn't I couldn't even get it online. I couldn't get
Peer tube wouldn't start twitch wouldn't start here to didn't start so that's
That's kind of annoying. I think it's because I hit peer tube so many times. It's got these little videos. It's trying to
Transcode or some nonsense because it's not
It wasn't happy with that multiple start at the beginning so I apologize I'm really
I'm just trying to be here every day in the morning and
And yeah, it's Saturday and 10 10 came up on me very quick
My wife teaches in the morning and so I have the kids all morning and so 10 10 came on very fast
And I apologize
So we're here again. We're going forward. We got a little more study hall to do
Thanks for joining me
I
I'm afraid
I like that analogy, the Ghostbusters Chaos energy, I like that a lot.
Did you see that Bobby Malone was on, Bobby Malone was on Alex Jones a couple days ago
so we really jumped the shark for sure nowadays, called Alex Jones a hero, a guy who can see
around corners, ha ha. Oh boy, I don't know what to say about that.
I think truth is good for kids. We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more
in society. We want everybody to feel good. That's not, that's not the way life is.
What video is unavailable? You can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in
people. And then I have lied, I'm sure I'll lie again, I don't want to lie, you know, I don't
think I'm a liar, I try not to be a liar, I don't want to be a liar. I think it's like
really important. I'm only streaming on Twitch right now in case you're trying to find me
somewhere else. Everything else crashed down. I got to do some, I got to do some IT
juggling in the background to figure out what's wrong with my screen keys or whatever is going on.
So I apologize for that. I'm not sure exactly who he is. His name is J.J. Cooey and I believe he's
a consultant for CHD and I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline from what I
understand. You're still there, Christie, and can tell me what video you're talking about.
I hope it's not on Twitch. I hope Twitch is at least solid if anybody else can confirm that
one more time. That would be wonderful. Thank you very much for being here. Hello, Pamela.
Hello, everyone.
I'm afraid you're right. I'm afraid info wars has finally transitioned to being part of the
CNN in this new world. Just like they're trying to transition Brett Weinstein and Joe Rogan into
being more what we would be considered mainstream sources of information. But of course,
they're no better than any other pre-purchased performer. And once you realize that we're talking
about weaponized piles of money behind these people, you start to get the feeling that there's
just a team that we haven't been aware of you can play for. And if you were offered a spot on
that team, you might take it too. That's really, you know, four years ago, it might have been
different than now, too. And you can't back out of that team. And because your consciousness is the
prime real estate that they are all competing for, yeah, you've got to be well aware of the fact
that they are happy. Mike Vandenberg, next day, they are happy, happy to have us attribute bad
motives to the people that we disagree with, because the people that we disagree with are taking
positions that they themselves have curated, that they themselves have set up as straw men that we
feel compelled to defend, because there's an illusion of consensus on TV and social media
that these are the relevant topics and the relevant questions to ask. And that people who don't want
to ask these questions just have bad motives. That's why they don't want to answer to these
questions. And that is why they don't want you talking about how fractional reserve banking works.
That's why they don't teach you in high school. They never taught us in high school where a
mortgage comes from. And there are just some people also, unfortunately, who are never going
to see even when they are shown. And that part of the debate may be what what Matthias Desmond's
Desmond is talking about with regard to mass psychosis, the people who can't see and will never see.
But for me, it's very clear that in history, they only have one chance to pull off the heist,
one chance to collect the data, and they've been talking about it for a while. They've been
doing presentations for each other in private meetings about how there's an opportunity here
that in addition to, you know, the smart thing of reducing population on earth to a more sustainable
level so that we can all be rich and we can all have all the amenities of modern life.
It would be wise to reduce population, but let's not ignore the opportunity here that 10 billion
people on the planet, if we have our way, will never exist again. And so we better dang well,
collect that data now. And I think you can find evidence for this impetus in this motivation
in history. And I think one of the best people to follow with regard to just, you know,
looking at this history from different angles and through different from different perspectives
from the perspective of the people involved in it. I think Mark Huzatonic is Mark. Huzatonic ITS,
Mark Kulak is actually a really great person to follow. He's one of those people fighting to
take the power back from these charlatans right here. Pamela in the chat has been trying to take
back the power from these charlatans for a long time has been trying to make gentle the life of
this world for a long time. And I feel quite honored actually to have her in my corner. I've never met
her, but I've put a PI on her once. And I know that she's not a liar. And I don't like liars,
ladies and gentlemen. I think the reason why we have had so much trouble surfing this wave is
because of the tremendous number of liars. And once we've we've found the truth now, we have to
pass it on to other humanoids. We have to pass it on to our children, to our neighbors, to our
friends, to the teachers union, to the to the coffee, the coffee break people. I don't know what
I was going to say there, but we've got to start passing this truth on so that more people can
surf their way out of this. And yeah, if you've been here for a while, you know exactly what I'm
talking about when I say we have to stay focused on biology. We don't want to take the bait on
TV and social media and we need to love our neighbors before we're going to get out of this.
Thank you very much for sharing the word. Thank you very much for supporting the work. That's
how this works. We need more and more people to learn this biology and wake the up.
Yes, we need to wake up, ladies and gentlemen, we need to wake up and we need to we need to
identify the people who have been lying to us for a while. And you can some people are not
comfortable with the word lie. But then what do you want me to say that there's classified
information that they've not told us in order that that that they could govern us and that some of
that classified information when they don't tell it to us is the is effectively a lie. If they know
things about like, for example, that gain a function virology and RNA viruses is a myth and they're
but it's a classified myth, then they have to lie about it. Don't you understand? Even if you
don't want to think about that as a lie, that's how you are participating in this. You're keeping
your hand over your eyes and ignoring the fact that we are governed by lies and by liars.
That's just that's just the way it is. It's always been that way. They don't always tell us the truth.
Now the question becomes, what if they've been lying to us about our biology? What if they've
been lying to us about public health? What if they have been lying to us about all the threats that
exist out there in the world, especially with regard to biological threats in order to be able
to govern us by a mythology that we have absolutely no control over. Ladies and gentlemen, may the
fourth be with you. This is one of those days when people make lots of jokes about Star Wars,
and so I thought I would too. Again, good morning. This is Giga Ohm Biological.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. It is May the fourth 2024. This is Giga Ohm Biological,
a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist. I'm coming to you
live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It's Saturday. It's 1058. It's almost 11 in the morning. My two
boys have just gone to the gym with their mom and they're going to do another hour of ball handling
drills and shooting. And this week, actually my boys, both at one day apart, managed to hit the
milestone at this gym faster than anyone has ever hit it before. They made 10,000 shots. They both
taken over 16,000 shots in the last two months over March and April, and they crossed the threshold
of making 10,000 shots on the machine, which kind of blows my mind. But when I play King of the
Court with them now, and if I don't cheat and block their shot because I'm a giant and let them shoot
over my head, I can I can meet some pretty decent competition in my little boy has quite the step.
And so if he gets my legs twisted up, the kid can get a layup. And he was not able to do that
last year. So what I'm really excited to share that personal thing is that I really, I think one
of the best things that we can we can impart on our children is the lesson that, you know,
the time that you put in and how hard you try at anything over time will pay off. And it's very
hard nowadays to get children to engage in something long enough so that they can see that
engaging in it is producing results. And on the flip side of that, there are there are things
that my kids do that are not growing well enough so that they're starting to lose interest in it.
One of the best examples is my 12 year old plays trombone. And at first, he didn't want to do
an instrument and then he played trombone a few months and he realized, wow, this is a really
powerful instrument and it's it's freaking fun. And then he got good at it and then they had a
concert and now the challenge of it is not increasing. The music isn't getting that much harder because
there's it's still a pretty big band and he's still pretty young. And so he's starting to think
like maybe I don't want to do it anymore because you know, I don't really have to have to try very
hard and I don't really like, you know, being the best trombone player among people that
don't really like to play either. And if my friend wouldn't acquit last year, you know, that whole
thing. And I was just really worried for him, especially because the other one had played football
and played basketball and played soccer one time or another, you know. And so I just was worried
that the kid wouldn't find something where this where he would learn this lesson that, you know,
how much you can get out of daily dedication to a skill, daily dedication to exercise is also
there. But daily dedication to skill is something so so amazing. I mean, the only reason why I can't
do more on the panel that's in front of me is because it's a half size keyboard and I have
giant hands. So learning to play jump on the on the keyboard I had it said the wrong thing.
Down here is really hard to panel upstairs of the keyboard that my daughter has upstairs is much
easier because it's bigger. But the skills that I learned, you know, those are from years and years
ago, and they're still there because for a little while I practiced piano pretty seriously, I thought
it was pretty cool. And I learned to play Star Wars on it and a bunch of other stuff that motivated
me. And then at some point I went on to the saxophone and other things, but music's always been a thing.
And I just wanted my kids to find something and then they found basketball. And I thought we would
go like three times a week and I'm I I crap you not. We have only missed two days the Saturday and
the Sunday of Easter Sunday. That's it. That weekend we took two days off because they went to stay
overnight at somebody's house or whatever. And other than that they've also had me in the gym
shooting and moving around every day which has been extraordinary because I'm spending
almost two hours a day with my sons that I wasn't spending with them before doing something that I
myself wanted to do, but never really wanted to be so selfish as to force on them. And now they're
pretty obsessed with it. And so maybe the the first kind of hopeful message,
at least from my own perspective, is that I can honestly say that
the change in my life from dedicating so much time and energy to trying to perform
well as a professor in a university setting and get a grant or get the data that I didn't get
yesterday or submit that you know whatever has been amazing. And you know after four years of
trying to figure out how to get my head on straight, really the best thing about the pandemic for me
and maybe the best thing about the pandemic for you that you haven't reflected on is that it has
made you realize what really is important, who really is important. And perhaps some of you have
been lucky enough to reorient your lives in such a way so that some of those things that should have
had more time and priority now do. And so if you can look at it that way, try to think about okay
well how can I make this even better? How can I how can I even double down on this before? And
I'm kind of circling back to a talk that I did. I've done a few times a little secret talk
that I've sometimes inserted at the end of shows. I don't know what the next slide is. Let me just
make sure I know what I'm expecting here because I'm improvising right now. This is not what I plan
to talk about. Oh yeah, I'll just start with that first. Intramuscular injection of any
combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
transfection. Healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic. If you ever need me to
do a zoom presentation, a 30,000 foot level survey course with some citations, maybe some
basic hints on where to start reading and some cartoons. And you want me to do it for your
teachers union or for your family group or or whatever. Please just send me an email
and and and we'll work something out because I think this main message needs to be challenged.
I want somebody to take me to task on it. I want somebody to tell me why I shouldn't be saying
these words so that I can correct them because I do think if this is not as sharp as the knife
can get, then I want it to become sharper. And so that's first and foremost the message. The next
message that I wanted to send out was one that comes from the patch clamp perspective. So yesterday
I kind of got off on a tangent about the work that I did with regard to small conductance
calcium activated potassium channels, SK channels, and all the work that I did with inside outside
inside out and outside out patches, and how the conductance of these channels has been
studied in so many and vitro preparations that to doubt them is is is silly to to say that they
are the sum total of what we are, of course, would also be silly. But it would be like saying that we
we understand how a light bulb works, but we don't understand how the whole power grid works,
and then having somebody say you don't know anything about light bulbs. Well, yeah, I do.
I don't know how the power is generated and how it's distributed to my house and everybody
else's house with no interruption, but I can tell you how a light bulb works. And in this case,
I think we can say how ion channels work. At least we have a good idea. We might be wrong
about some of the very subtle details of the how the physics sorts out at the gating mechanism
or something like that. But we we we have a pretty good idea. We've tested those very, very rigorously
relative to, for example, how the psychopathic effect in in a zero six cell culture has been
rigorously tested to see that the cartoon version of it somewhat reflects the the nature of reality,
and that that's not they've not they've not tested that at all. Since the 40s or the 50s,
when this became kind of the norm or the standard, if you will, that standard has never been challenged
or tried to be increased in fidelity, they're still using plaque assays as the primary way to
sort this stuff out, even though we are supposedly have nanopore sequencing. And this guy from Harvard
was sharing some kind of nanoparticle reading chips with the with the Chinese back before the
the pandemic started for $55,000 a year, but we still have to do plaque essays to understand
what's going on in a viral culture. I mean, that's just crazy. And so the good message that I wanted
to bring is that I woke up the other day and realized that I had a revelation in the Netherlands
that I still hadn't applied to my life here. And that reality that that revelation was in the
Netherlands that I had was that I had been I had been obsessed with optimizing my experimental
protocol and my procedure in terms of getting through the day how I spent my time so that I
could get home on time so that I could get work done at the lab, not short change the mouse because
if you kill a mouse and you could you could record let's just say you could record 20 hours
and you don't that's pretty late now you can't record 20 hours but you can record eight
if it's good. And so you want to kind of set yourself up so that if you have it and you you're
getting great data and all the tissue is healthy and the recordings are stable and you know there's
no wind and the you know whatever voodoo happens in these things because it is voodoo when you're
making a stack of cards every day. That's what really hard experiments are. The mouse has to
cooperate. You can't run out of carbogen too early. You know the ice should be the right you know
whatever the you have to make sure you tighten the razor right and if the razor's loose you might
have a bad slice. There's lots of random things that could happen in the course of the three-hour
preparation before you start this potentially eight hours of recording that the more optimized
the preparation was the more likely you were to get to the best place possible to start experiments
with the most consistent outcome. And what I've been explaining to my boys with regard to basketball
is it's pretty hard to play a sport or an athletic thing half speed. You either kind of have to
try and replicate 95 or 90 percent as hard as you can and and try to hit that repeatedly because
that you can kind of reach because you know what it's like when you're trying as hard as you can.
But it's pretty hard to do it half speed or with half jump or with half follow through
in order to practice or relax. You're much better off going full speed and then resting
than you are trying to go half speed for a whole game and in fact that's a terrible habit to get
into because then you're practicing somewhere between 40 and 60 percent instead of practicing
at 95 percent all the time. And so with regard to science there are a lot of scientists who think
that well that the slices are okay today so I'll do the recordings and then they create this
this data set which is essentially contaminated with imperfect experimental settings that weren't
so rigorously controlled that you got to the same place at the starting point every time.
And if you're not hyper anal about that if you're not sensitive to exactly what it is that indicates
that you're at that acceptably perfect starting point then you're also open to the possibility
that your whole data set will have this noise in it that's created by your inability to keep
your experimental starting point at the same place. And so this is one of the most beautiful
reasons why infectious clones for RNA viruses are so important because there would be no other way
for any of these experiments to start in the same place. My experiments would start in the same
place because I would start with the same mouse line which are genetically inbred so identical
to one another. I would start with them in the same age week so I would never use an animal that
was older than 36 days or younger than 27 so I was technically adult but young enough so that I
could still make my prep and most of the time I tried to keep that window even lower and I
definitely kept track of that window so that I could analyze whether there was a difference
between the ages. And so the amount of cognitive energy that you would need I would need to spend
every day just to keep this this dance in order so that I showed up and I didn't get
so distracted by email and I didn't get distracted by a student and I knew where I needed to be at
11 o'clock so that at 12.15 I was done eating and I could I could start on the rig. And all this
energy I spent optimizing my day at work I never spent a dime of my brain trying to optimize my
Saturday. I've never I never spent a dime trying to optimize my Sunday and why? Because I didn't
have a motivation to optimize it. What was my motivation? I was done with work. All I wanted was
Saturday. All I wanted was Sunday for me and to be free. But a strategy that comes from a patch
clamber where you're trying to optimize your day at work can be applied to optimizing your
Saturday and optimizing your Sunday so that you hit all the marks and there's absolutely
nothing wrong. In fact there is a good way that's a good way to keep the news and social media
and all of this distraction machinery from actually taking hold of your brain having a plan
and optimizing it or every day not in a in a in a in a in a robotic way but in just kind of like
how'd that go today? Did I did I manage to check that box and today I want to just
shout out to the fact that my sons and their dedication to basketball has reminded me again
that there is an optimizing to be done which is actually happening right now when we're starting
at 10 10 and trying to come on every day and trying to do the studying in the afternoon so that I
can think about it after dinner and be ready to do what I want to do in the morning without
hesitating about which one I should pick and so it's it's it's really a wonderful thing to think
about the pandemic shake up which is going to be and and remains in the future inevitable you
know they're going to do it you know that that Ghostbusters energy that we were talking about
the beginning is not it's not something we're imagining so we know that the ground is going
to become unstable and so I think we should plan to take advantage of it you know if you know
that there's going to be a flood and you can buy a little robo right now or or something like that
then why wouldn't you and if you know that there's going to be a little bit of a shake up right
now let's start to think about trying to identify what it is that when that shake up happens or when
we start to feel it ourselves that those priorities we already know what they are and and the things
that we want to optimize our activity around we already know what they are maybe we're already busy
with it and so for me um I am really focused constantly on trying to optimize my contribution
to my family and to my marriage um with the absolute drive that I have to be here every day
and I think it's it's starting to work I think it's really starting to work and so I'm really
excited about it and I think there's something there for everybody I don't know really how else
to say it but I used to optimize my day at work every day and obsessed about it 24-7 and
I think I want to try to encourage everybody to try and optimize their own day but in a way
that's oriented around you and your family and those priorities not around work even though work
obviously at one point in time in this in this universe it was okay for work to be something
that took that priority I think for a lot of us if not for almost all of us now work is really a
means to an end to nothing more and that's part of the scary part of the future coming forward
those of us who are still blessed to feel like we're doing what we're supposed to be doing which
you know I humbly say it's me um I definitely feel like I'm doing what I'm doing and I'm blessed
to be able to do it um but it's because I have the wife I have because I have the kids I have
because I've had the neighbors I have and the friends I have it's not the family unfortunately
for me like some of us you know the family was was fractured on this idea
um and so I've got a lot to fight for too I actually found out that my parents are
thinking about coming to visit in Pittsburgh in two weeks so that could be an interesting
interesting wrench in the works we'll see if we can we can figure out some amends there
um I already said this again if you need any help or you want me to try and explain this
every once in a while I'm going to do a a show about these three things it's been a while since
I've done that but I haven't I won't do it right now um today I want to again take this video or
take this time to watch this video that was made sometime last year that was supposed to respond
to my email um which I was asked to write to Christine Massey and Tom Cowan and
Handy Kaufman and I don't know who else was on the email but Mary Holland of Children's Health
Defense that I think at the time may have still been working with the Kennedy campaign um because
she came back from the Kennedy campaign a month after I started working at CHD and before that
she was actually you know some kind of pretty pretty significant player in in RFK's campaign
and then she came back to CHD a month after I started um and anyway um Mary Holland before I
started at CHD while I was still working for as a consultant for the Wuhan cover-up book
um she asked me to write a letter uh an email on behalf and try to explain to them
why no virus wasn't a very good position and I I wrote an email which I guess I could try to
find right now I think I tried to find it once and I had some kind of problem finding it it's
not that I don't have it it's that I don't have access to all the email I used to since they
fired me um or laid me off or ended my position whenever they called it um I want to look for
that one maybe no
oh yeah here maybe this one
yes this is the one so uh
I said um
so this I just read this one to you maybe I'll put it up on the screen too am I out of focus again
gee whiz awesome fan uh I just I don't want to get maybe I can copy this
I'm going to copy this text and then I'm going to put it in a slide here so so you can see it I
don't want to put the email up because there's all kinds of pictures in it and um and stuff so I
let me just I can do this quick
okay so I I wrote this on request of Mary Holland as an email to the um people who I don't
sorry I don't have this set up I didn't think I was going to do this again I'm I improvise a
lot you just might not know that um but I do um here we go
so this was the email text that I wrote when Mary Holland asked me to write a response to Christine
Massey and these others who were trying to get them to to admit or CHD to get them to admit that
there's no virus and why does CHD keep saying there's a virus when there's no virus okay so
when I wrote this I was still not where I am now I was still not where I am now that's about
the best I can say so just I'll read this and then you can you can you can hear it so
there's no question that the coronavirus biology and virology in general are amongst the most
tenuous fields in biology in a world where viruses exist but everyone involved has both
exaggerated their ability to identify and study viruses and underplay the danger
of synthetic infectious RNA clones the most important thing is to move slowly
it is in virologist's best interest that we never figure out the extent of their exaggerations
infectious clones are at best poor approximations of coronaviruses and our synthetic infectious
constructs that allow controlled experiments to be conducted coronaviruses exist as semi-stable
quasi-species which could be wrong that could be wrong man synthetic infectious constructs which
allow controlled experiments to be conducted coronaviruses exist as semi-stable quasi-species
in nature and are largely benign genetic noise especially in healthy mammalian populations
and sorry I had to fix that camera that should be all right and our largely benign genetic
noise so that's good especially in healthy mammal populations and so you can see I'm still not
saying that they're just exosomes but I'm trying to express the idea that the story that we've
been told is greatly exaggerated and that the story that we were told is greatly exaggerated
and and that might be sufficient that might be sufficient I don't know why I'm so pixelated
it's kind of annoying to me what's going on here this whole business is is goofy
and so benign genetic noise especially in healthy mammal populations at worst infectious clones
found in laboratories all over the world represent a purity level of a biological agent that would
otherwise never exist and have manufactured to quantity represent a significant potential
danger with untold potential possible consequences but this danger is obviously man-made an absent
in nature and gain a function as a boogie man is distracting us from this fact can you hear this
how good it is furthermore synthetic biology allows for the directed selection of optimized
molecules and even short immunogenic sequences that when inserted into a synthetic infectious RNA
could create a new and as yet undescribed danger however even then it would only be in a pure
quantity that any such agent would pose a potential threat to many thousands of people
the idea of a natural yet novel coronavirus posing a threat to millions of people is a myth
because of the dynamic nature of RNA viruses and on this we agree however a pure infectious clone
of even an endemic human coronavirus OC43 made to a quantity of thousands of leaders might pose a
threat such an event intentional or accidental would result in a situation where even a non-specific
PCR diagnostic could appear to be rather accurate for a time while we agree that there have been
many many lies during covid we believe that the situation is complicated and that the no virus
stands lacks sufficient nuance to be the most viable position i'm not sure that's such a bad
statement especially at the time that it was made well this is driving me nuts
but i really feel like this is not in focus so i am going to put it in focus one more time sorry
about that guys so weird so many glitches today so many glitches um and there i'm out of focus again
just don't know what's up with OBS is something is wrong with my my business here we'll figure it
out though it's no problem i just i look pixelated do i look pixelated to youtube because that's not
how i should look and i bet i don't look and then it goes away on this screen see shoot something
as goofy with this GoPro sometimes i think or no wait it should have been on the other one not on
this one oh that's bad news bears is what that is i don't get that at all okay i'll figure that
outlated look fine to me not pixelated all right um so anyway the point is is that this video that
we're going to watch wow are we going to watch it anytime soon 38 minutes in the video that we're
going to watch is a response to this okay that's the thing this is the video is a response to this
email and so that's uh that's pretty it should be pretty revealing then okay
might be loud at the beginning so i apologize i'll put it down right now actually they're just a
second to make sure it's not too loud
hey everyone the purpose of this video is to address a few recent statements made by jj kui
the clips will play during this video come from a recent twitch stream put on by jj
as well as a recent podcast that jj appeared in as a guest according to jj's linkedin he is a
teacher a biologist and the founder of giga ohm biological given that jj is frequently promoted
that's nice because actually very few people Brett Weinstein has never said giga ohm biological
out loud so already at least Alex is not a complete creep um very few people have said giga ohm
biological out loud maybe it's a a big couple of words but um it's surprising actually it's a
fairly nice shout out so that's okay with me by leading voices in the health freedom movement
you felt it is necessary to respond to jj statements regarding how can somebody with 3,000
followers on twitch and at the time less than 10,000 followers on twitter be a significant
person in the what in the hell kind of stupid statement is that wow that is bad you know come
from a recent twitch stream put on by jj as well as a recent podcast that jj appeared in as a guest
according to jj's linkedin he is a teacher a biologist and the founder of giga ohm biological
given that jj is frequently promoted by leading voices in the health freedom movement we felt
that it was necessary to respond to jj statements regarding the no virus position his mischaracterization
of prominent voices in the no virus camp and his questioning of the motives of those who are
communicating the lack of true scientific validation for virology this video we put together is also
perfect opportunity to address some common misconceptions for those who are still undecided
about the validity of virology or lack thereof we look forward to hearing from jj and having
further discussions on this issue i didn't enjoy the video this is just downloaded from
right thanks everybody for joining us i think you can see all the
panelists that we've amassed today and before we get started because what we're going to do is
look at some of the comments that a i'm not sure exactly who he is his name is jj kui
and i believe he's a consultant for chd and i believe he has a phd and some sort of scientific
discipline from what i understand so that's uh that's what i get it i that's what i'm using in the
beginning all the time i'm going to put this just a little faster because this is
it's pretty slow
but i really wanted to preface uh this event with is this has been uh i think for all of us i'll
speak for myself but i may be able to speak for the rest of us a kind of bizarre and frustrating
few years and i've often asked myself why has this been so frustrating and so difficult to have
a conversation that resolves the questions around virology why has it been so difficult to come to
any agreements between quote both sides and i think there's actually a very simple answer to that
and that is when you look at the the central issue which is what we talk about which is
is there evidence or proof that these so-called pathogenic viruses actually exist now the
interesting thing and i know we've talked about this a lot but i'm not sure if people
completely appreciate this is that the way to answer that question is extremely clear
the way you you should do it is you make a essentially a definition of what you're looking for
which we have you know a replication competent protein coat genetic interior that you know
replicates in living cells and you go look for that in various quote infected animal plant or
human tissue that's the way we look for most things now we all know and we all agreed that
and christine knows this better than anybody because we have hundreds now of of answers from
institutions saying using that simple method none of these particles have ever been found
and again it's very clear that nobody disputes that i mean think of it another way right
supposedly he amassed these five experts and is wasting their collective
hour like five human hours are being wasted to respond to someone that he didn't even bother
to look up on PubMed that's what we're really dealing with here Alex actually bothered to look
on my LinkedIn but Tom Cowan makes a show of saying that he didn't even bother
and and it's a it's a hit piece you can clearly see that this isn't meant to acknowledge what i
just read to you it's not meant to acknowledge that i just admitted that we there you could see
that even if i wasn't even if in that text i'm wrong about things even if the quasi species is
a complete illusion even if it's only synthetic signals and that's it PCR works DNA is something
RNA is something and PCR can amplify it because we in control conditions that happens
and so maybe that's not that has not obviously that has not unlocked all the keys to understanding
all of our biology but that's the same thing as saying you don't understand how the grid works
but you understand how a light bulb works there are lots of examples of light bulbs that we
understand without understanding how the grid works
you can understand how a fan with an electric motor works right when you plug it into the
wall even though you don't understand how the grid is maintained
you can understand how you send an email even if you don't know how packets of information
move on the internet or how multicasting works
and so it's very frustrating because again you can only see this as part of the show
remember that there is a picture of Andy Kaufman shaking hands with Andrew Cuomo at a
grant award poster presentation in 2019 where his company or his group or whatever has been
awarded a not tiny sum of money I don't think it was millions of dollars to develop a prototype
biosensor for prisoners
this is not just some guy who's been campaigning against the falsehoods of psychiatry for his whole
life like Dr. Bragan has been an outspoken critic of things his whole life like Dr. Bragan has been
but now the psychiatrist that everybody knows is speaking out against psychiatry is Andy Kaufman
and one of the first people to announce him as relevant for anything in my life happened in
2020 in March and in April and the name came out of the same mouth five weeks in a row over and
over again we have to oppose the no virus people we have to stop people like Andy Kaufman we have
to oppose the 5g people and that was not a mistake ladies and gentlemen they are or some of
these people or some of the people behind them are part of the narrative curation machine
lab leak natural virus no virus three wrong answers three sets of dumb questions
and a spectacular commitment to those three lists of questions has gotten us where we are today
where there are basically three camps the camp that thinks it's just the way it is the camp that
thinks that we did it and the camp that thinks that there's none of this and the camp that thinks
there's none of this is not tuned in to the idea of of what we know and don't know about biology
but actually being encouraged to discard everything we have learned in biology to discard all of the
knowledge that we have rather than just the contaminated parts like virology and public health to reexamine
what we know and we don't want to do that we just want to burn the whole library down instead of
getting the books that have been plagiarized out to get the books that are actually not supposed
to be in the nonfiction section out of the nonfiction section they are encouraging us essentially
you heard Tom Cowan yesterday say that there are no ion channels no ion currents no no action
potentials none of these these phenomenon are real and so he's suggesting we should just burn
down the entire nonfiction section instead of getting rid of this books that are full of lies
the fiction part and you're seeing it in real time right here i actually think Mark Bailey is an
unwilling participant at this point he hasn't smiled on camera in in ages because he doesn't
feel comfortable i don't think walking this exact line all the time where we're gonna talk about
isolation and purification and nothing else and we're gonna pretend that there's no other
argument to be made and more importantly we're gonna pretend that nobody was murdered to make
up this shit because that's the part that the no virus people never have said in three years is
that if there was no virus then what happened that means that people were murdered in the United
States why aren't they saying that they either murdered them or they lied that they died in either
way it's part of there's no virus isn't it isn't it and yet for some reason in this hour you're
not going to hear one peep about the people that have been been killed because our border was opened
and opiates flooded our streets you're not going to hear one mention of the fact that American
authorities are lying about what happened in America to make sure that we believe there was a virus
when there was no virus no they're just going to keep harping on foyas and they're going to keep
harping on the experimental protocols that they say they're calling out that's fine i get it but
they called those protocols out for AIDS too so it's a song that's been sung you can you can cover it
but then let's let's let's make new music here let's move on but they won't and i can't stress
how important it is for everybody watching this to try and really grasp that that if their goal
was to score a touchdown on there is no virus then talking about the murders in america and in europe
and in anywhere else where they occurred in order to create the illusion of spread would be a central
part of their presentation every night so let's do it
the virologists and people on other people have reasons why that can't why you can't find them like
that and so okay so that's that's that so then you go to the next step which is the what they call
the viral culture and again to be very clear and i would say there's no disagreement about this
with anybody that can anyone not see that can anyone not understand that that if you don't say
there was no sars covi too spreading and therefore they murdered people then you're not you're not
you're not doing it they have had four years to say it four years they've been standing on the
PCR is dumb and there's no virus but they haven't been able to say therefore people were murdered
therefore people lied about how many people died they're not saying that they're not saying that
wow they what how did these people get killed then is it because we treated them all poorly why
why don't they want to explain that so that people can see the full malevolence
and the reason why is because it is a slow role to the truth ladies and gentlemen and it is a
slow role to the truth all the pigs are not in the cage so you cannot spring the trap yet
a lot of the pigs have been in the cage for a long time and are wondering what the hell we're
doing out here yet but ladies and gentlemen see this for what it is i just read to you what
they are responding to they're going to tell you that they're responding to a a uh a live stream
that i did but there that it's nonsense this is a week after i sent that email and the emails that
follow it are are extraordinary i mean i challenged them i'm like and you don't need me to give you
a paper on infectious clones go to PubMed insert those two words hit search and just start reading
and you will see infectious clones are the way it's done
and they just you know they say that that means that i ignored their request for papers that i
couldn't provide any papers that's that's what they'll say here the virology community since 1954
has said that the way you find a virus the way you isolate a virus the way you identify
and show that a virus exists is you put a sample on a cell culture and if there is a
psychopathic effect i it's so much easier to say virology is a lie and they murdered people to hide
that the vaccine schedule is criminal and they murdered people to hide that isn't it so much
easier to say that than this bullshit and once you see it once you hear it you realize what they've
done cpe that proves the existence of the virus everybody agrees that that is virology's central
claim and that is the foundation of virology and every other claim about antibodies about sequences
about anything else to do with virology rests on that isolation they say because if you've
haven't isolated i.e. have a pure sample of the virus you obviously can't find the sequence you
can't show that the antibodies are against it and on and on and on now we're saying i got some emails
from christine massy that i've become convinced weren't even written by her because the language
is just too harsh there's no way that this lady that i've seen i've watched a few podcasts of her
just to try to figure out how is it that this lady can write emails like this i just have
become convinced that she hasn't written those emails that they're that they're written by somebody
else that the so-called viral culture is not a scientifically valid procedure because there are
no independent variables i.e. the presence of a virus and so they never do a sample that they say
has the virus and then take the virus out and then see if they get the same psychopathic effect
which is the only way that that experiment would be valid and so we say that the foundation of
virology is not valid it's not a scientific oh they got my email because i i wrote an email on behalf
of chd at that time so i i was i was i was genuinely thinking that that text was going to make a
breakthrough that we were actually going to come on and do a show maybe bobby would even do a podcast
where i would explain infectious clones to one of these people and we could agree about the fact
that the molecular biology could have been seeded and misconstrued and we could move on together
and it just freaking exploded into this email attacking back and forth you suck give us this
you liar blah blah blah it was unbelievable i spent like three hours writing that thinking i
got to say it right i got to say it right i got to give them enough compliments i got to admit
what we don't know i got to say what chd is letting me say i got i got to use this one opportunity
to to actually bridge this gap and it freaking exploded it was so sad
and this was the only result besides i think mary meeting christine massy on a chd or sorry
a doctors for covid ethics meeting on maybe two weeks or three weeks later where i was not told
that meeting was happening and i didn't see it live and there's only clips left of it
big procedure and so there you cannot use that procedure in the way they use it to claim the
existence of a virus now i would think and i think everybody out there would think
that the entire argument of the people who are arguing against us would be to say
but tom and andy and mark and christine and allak the viral culture is the gold standard it is the
foundation of virology it is a hundred percent accurate we are going to show you that this viral
culture is a is a scientifically validated way to prove the existence of a virus
but you know how many times somebody like dr cooey or the others who
quote try to debunk us or argue with it have ever gone over the papers and the procedures
of a viral culture never that's technically not true but i know that he shouldn't he shouldn't
necessarily know that right i mean it's fine not everybody watches my streams i get it
but that's not true i have i actually explained it in big words over there in that email i
tried to imply that i understood it and if he had looked at the streams that i was doing then
he would have heard me say it as i explained the infectious cycle is best we understood it
and hinted at that that might not even be right if it's exesomes i was still working through it
because we're all still working through it and they are absolutely certain there's nothing to
work through there's just nothing here all of these signals all of these observations
are false are lies or are something and so rather than being there an illusion of consensus about
some aspect of these observations and a a misappropriation of these observations to support
something they don't support these guys just want you to burn the whole library down
and that's a very dangerous position to take because we actually know quite a bit and we could
be helpful in turning the ship around this this dr kui as far as i saw his comments never
mentioned the viral culture or tried to validate or explain to the world or to us that the methods
that the viral culture use are a scientifically validated way to prove the existence of a virus
and yet that's the whole argument and you know i came up with an analogy i would say that the
whole argument is is that they lied and they murdered people the whole argument is not that
virology as it stands right now is is uh crappy science
that's not that's not going to solve the problem that that requires people to to
rather than accept lying they have to accept something about the world they have to accept
something about something they've already been told they can't possibly understand so
he's kind of putting everybody that listens to him in a weird position because you're supposed
to accept his interpretation that all of it is nonsense rather than all the other illusion of
consensus around the world that says it's not all nonsense and that's pretty extraordinary ask
of anyone and in fact i've come to realize or come to believe that that ask is extraordinary
because it is one that isn't necessary it's one that doesn't save you it's one that doesn't save
your kids and it's one that doesn't save your grandkids because you're not left with a question
there you're not left with the question of what are these signals what is respiratory illness what
is our immune system doing what are antibodies then you're not left with any of those questions
instead you're told not to ask any more questions about those things because they're all dumb
and so it's very important for me to emphasize that the goal of this is for you to understand why
the no virus position has always been weirdly curated and weirdly weaponized in a way that has
never looked to score a touchdown but just to keep everybody scrambling in different directions if
they wanted to score a touchdown all the pieces are there they've even had the floor at CHD with
other people on the other side of the camera and they haven't managed to score a touchdown and the
reason why is because one or more of these people or one or more of the people behind them advising
them is making sure they don't score that touchdown because that's not the plan and whoever is involved
in the meddling is part of the plan I assure you because the plan is for all the marbles they left
nothing to chance and wherever there was something they didn't expect they co-opted it or they got
rid of it and with me they tried many many people to co-opt me many many people tried to
lie to me and I bought it many many times and four years later we're finally here where I feel like
you know more or less I know who lied to me and fortunately for my grandchildren it's a lot of
these people it's a lot of the people who say that they're saving us that they have the answer that
they're certain that they're right those are the people who were lying to me and they lied to my
face they lied to me on zoom they lied to me in sms they lied to me on signal and that experience
is what keeps me coming back every day and so I'm putting this up because I really need you to
understand that I didn't ignore this video for any other reason than it didn't need amplifying at
the time that people weren't ready to hear it at the time because I hadn't figured it all out at
that time I still didn't know who was all meddling with me and I was still working for
Bobby's book and so it just didn't seem like the right thing to do as far as publicity and end and
but this was there in 2023 they did this in 2023 in response to an email that I wrote that I had
every hope in my being was going to be a breakthrough moment for this no-virus group that they would
finally be able to add a level of nuance to their messaging that would that would kick them up a
level and instead they rejected me like you cannot believe and here it is because I like to do that
so that everybody will understand it's like we're having an argument of our discussion or a debate
of whether these three dots are in a straight line and so people look at it and they say well
it looks straight to me or my Aunt Bessie said it was straight or we thought it was straight for 40
years or we vaporized the paper and we got a bunch of chemicals and so that proves that this
was straight or well you could draw a line from the ceiling and it goes through different ways
and everybody would say why don't you just take a ruler and go like that and they're not in a
straight line why do we have to argue about this just get a ruler and measure it and if it's straight
with straight and if it isn't it isn't and so if you want to say that the cell culture
the viral culture is the way to prove the existence of a virus which everybody agrees on
let's have the entire debate about the viral culture let's have the entire debate about the
viral culture has been their strategy since the very beginning and I would argue that sticking
to that strategy cannot be something that they they just have accidentally stuck to
and when they break free of that strategy finally this year if they do it will be because that was
the plan all along that was the plan all along and I don't know which of these people were brought
along which of these people are are unwitting participants but it's unfortunate because this
really set us very far back said a lot of people very far back because I can tell everybody out
there I don't know if I have any disagreement from any of our other panelists the viral culture
has is not a valid way to show the existence of a virus the foundation of virology is simply
incorrect and no matter how much you vaporize the paper it doesn't show whether it's a straight line
so all we're asking is let's talk about the science of a viral culture
if you do that you'll see it's not a valid they don't do it they don't do appropriate control
what what about in a world where viruses exist but everyone involved has both
exaggerated their ability to identify and study viruses and underplay the danger of synthetic
infectious clones the most important thing is to move slowly you see I'm trying to help them to
understand that even if there are no significant RNA signals in the wild like coronaviruses
they can make this RNA they can make lots of it they can make the corresponding DNA
and that alone would be enough to seed the molecular signal that they have misconstrued
as a spreading pathogen that is the crucial piece of the puzzle to understand
that the entire illusion that Kevin McCurnan and Charles Rixi and these other people who are
insistent that there was a novel virus that started spreading in October of 2019 in China
and has spread all around the world including zoo animal population and white-tailed deer in
North America because of the fear and cleavage site because of the staphylcocan and tyratoxin
bee homologies because of the HIV inserts because of the pre-onagenic sequences because
of the amyloidagenic sequences whatever story they told you from the very beginning
I lost my train of thought there because I'm just very frustrated I didn't I didn't remember
this being so annoying but I I do remember being incredibly disappointed by their responses
because I thought I really put it out on the line there and I really thought it was a significant
moment that Bobby and Mary asked me to write this email I thought it was a very significant moment
and in retrospect I still think it might have been I wonder what they would have done if these
people would have come back and said oh wow let's have a discussion about this let's hear this
rather than came back with their angry response and their snotty response and their shove it in
your scientific advisor's response what if they just said could we have a zoom meeting and discuss
this with him maybe a private zoom meeting with you and Mary and they didn't ask for anything like
that they didn't suggest anything like that they didn't say thank you very much for your thoughtful
email it was nothing like that
it was immediately back to viral isolation I can look at it and tell you without showing
you what it was I think dear Robert and Mary I'm following up one last time hoping you will
provide answers Mary if you are we're expecting Jay Kui to answer the questions on behalf of you
Robert and CHD please let me know he offered to share a hypothesis with me but didn't address
any of my questions hmm so that's really it right thanks for getting back to me this is great
although I don't see any citations or answers to my questions and to be honest I now have a few
more questions um coronaviruses exist they want me to prove the same the stable uh quasi species
idea and infectious clones found in laboratories all over the world if it's a synthetic virus
was ever made was suggested why is it unfindable in the human body why is it impossible to purify
it so again they tried very hard to go back to the purification and and and isolation even though
in general terms I had already said and admitted that I think a lot of these things are wrong
and so it seems very strange to me that that this is the direction that it went
and it's just unfortunate because I I've reached out to the Bailey's in 2020 then um I had contact
with Andy Kaufman in 2021 through the um Piper Stover lady who helped me or co-authored or kind
of helped me with that review that I put out and then I haven't had contact with in a very long time now
um and she apparently could call Andy Kaufman so all these people are connected somehow weird way
and all of them have tried to hide it from me and so it is really without without reservation
now that I just throw it all out on the line there I think almost all of these people are
connected in some way through a common handler or a common coordinated table of handlers um
and that's why their narrative is so tight I mean look I can't even give a presentation
without going off on a tangent every five minutes but these guys they're tight they stick right
on cue like uh right on list it's impressive because they say you can't take the virus out of
the sample so you can't do a mock infection because that's what it means and yet they say they do
so when you hear him talking everything is downstream never does he address here's the
reasons why a viral culture proves the existence of a virus period you guys are wrong and so there
and that time I think basically he's right I never said that and I probably wasn't quite
prepared to say it the way that I can say it now a viral culture is just a transfection most
of virology is done by making this synthetic RNA or the synthetic DNA and then transfecting or
transforming a cell culture and then having that cell culture do whatever it does and whatever it
does there it's most likely some kind of vesicle uh release or or or exosomes or you can say that
it's just making copies of the RNA or sub genomic copies and then and spitting them out I don't know
what it is I agree they haven't really analyzed that but whatever it is that happens in that cell
culture that supernatant can be taken and that supernatant can be put in other preparations that
will cause semi predictable things to happen and that's the extent to which we get it we don't have
any equivalent from nature in other words we can't do that experiment with the sample from a bat
because if you put the sample from a bat in 96 well preparation and only two of those wells
show any signal like they did when they isolated the virus in Wuhan and then you use metagenomic
sequencing to claim that something's in there that's already pretty sketch
and since metagenomic sequencing is essentially proprietary technology that was invented by Nathan
wolf and friends it just feels very bad metabioda is nothing that we want in our narrative of reality
and so again they are right about all these things they were right about these things from the beginning
and so again if they really wanted to score a touchdown I'm going to say it one more time
than they would say there was no virus and they murdered people to lie about it they were willing
to murder people to make sure that this illusion of no virus was preserved and that we would pass
this illusion on to our children and they they don't seem to be able to say that they just want
you to say over and over again Dr. Cooley won't debate the viral preparation Dr. Cooley won't
debate viral culture it's it's an important thing to see on that never happens that's why we never
get anywhere with these debates and there you go so that's a little long-winded but I thought
we could put that in context and anybody else has anything comment on what I just said I'd
love to hear well Tom I actually um you know I agree that no one really ever wants to debate
this but I actually got the sense from some others that they kind of concede that the viral
culture really doesn't prove it but they want to point to all this other indirect evidence
and say that the totality of it adds up to the proof or you know or have the appeal to authority
kind of fallacy where you know virologists have been you know discovering and studying viruses for
you know 60 years and they couldn't have just wasted all their efforts oh oh so that's addressing
another point they couldn't have just wasted all their efforts is that a nuanced way of saying
because he's about to say they're all wrong the observations were real their interpretation was
wrong they couldn't have all been wrong in that book from the 80s those gels are real those
preps are real those guys are trying to figure it out at the time they didn't have any better tools
this is what they saw I think we're gonna find that it is much more subtle than virology as a whole
is fake that there are no viruses is to say that there are no signals at this size scale and we
know that there are there have been biologists all around the world for three decades working on
what's called exosomal communication and all of these researchers and research lines have been
absorbed via funding schemes into cancer biology and exosomal communication is exclusively studied
under the rubric that it is a way of finding and diagnosing cancer rather than an aberrant signal
produced by cancer which has its own natural homologue in exosomal communication that's there
and pleasant in the plasma all the time that the immune system might communicate with retroviruses
and that the contamination of our plasma with other retroviruses from other animals might be
devastating to our immune system is probably the story behind AIDS which doesn't say that there's
no AIDS it doesn't say that there's no retroviruses it doesn't say that some people were not hurt
because their immune system was compromised but how it is being compromised the mechanism by
which it's being compromised and the possible solutions for it have been distorted by a mythology
and so I would suggest that respiratory disease as it stands in a big umbrella term has been
distorted to be caused by a signal which may only be roughly correlated with it sometimes
and that is exosomal signaling exosomal signaling where an RNA dependent RNA polymerase is present
because the one theme of RNA virology is an RNA dependent RNA polymerase which they would like
you to believe is a virology exclusive enzyme but it's not and I think that's probably one of the
bigger lies they're protecting is if you understood that all virology that supposedly this Baltimore
scheme describes all these special enzymes that only viruses have you're just buying into
their nonsense they have taken that that endogenous biology that's most likely hours and misconstrued
it as exclusively virology it's not it's exosomal communication and maybe there are rare examples
where exosomal communication can go wrong and maybe one rare example is measles or maybe one rare
example is a herpes virus maybe I don't know I'm not a virologist but I can say with a pretty
reasonable amount of confidence that I'm willing to risk my family's future on the idea that RNA
cannot pandemic I'm willing to risk my family's future on the idea that intramuscular injection
of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
and I'm willing to risk my family's future that somewhere in this group of people or somewhere
behind it is a group of people that was using this argument and this set of questions to
dis-capacitate the d d i don't remember what his word was but to to remove our ability to
exercise informed consent to set another cognitive trap where people would get stuck in a hamster
wheel and that hamster wheel would feel like they were doing something right just like I was in a
hamster wheel in 2020 and early 2021 thinking that a lab leak was part of the story I needed to
tell in order for people to understand what was going on and that arguing about a lab leak or
and not a natural virus and pointing out that it was a cover-up was part of waking people up
and that's uh that was a hamster wheel that people tricked me into jumping into and then
sprinting on and I would suggest that this is another hamster wheel that a lot of people were
were encouraged to get on and run fast like her
and her campaign for fluoride is over now or or what now it's just foyer foyer foyer
I don't I don't get it other than I feel like this was curated and I'm I'm pretty sure I'm right
you know but but it seems like sometimes that it's there is no real argument that you decapableize
that's to show that the viral culture is a proper scientific experiment because as you
pointed out there's no independent variable so right there you can kind of toss it aside
you don't even have to say that there's no valid control because first you have to have the
independent variable to begin with which means you actually have to discover a virus in nature
because that is the independent variable you can't use an indirect experiment to prove something
exists without having the thing in the first place unless the thing like an RNA dependent RNA
polymerase already exists in the background as a as a rare signal that can be found because that's
how coronavirus was found in the early 2000s and again I suggested that they go back to those
literature and just read it because I agree with them wholeheartedly they were looking for an enzyme
and actually an only a small 300 base pair amplicon part of that enzyme most conserved
and then use that as the basis for saying okay we have a signal in this tube and so now we're
going to use nathan wolf and metagenomics uh metobiodas excuse me metagenomic sequencing algorithms
to pull up all the signals in this tube because we found this one amplicon of an RNA dependent
RNA polymerase and that's an indicator of a coronavirus that's exactly the wording in these
papers from the WIV and from barracks lab that collaborated together that supposedly represents
the foundation of gain of function coronavirus research it's just indirect measurement of RNA
ghosts and I've been saying that for about three years now two years really hard one year
hardened a paint and they're ignoring them and they continue to ignore it quite frankly which
is really extraordinary so you know that's that's the whole point of it and by arguing about oh you
know the cause of of this illness or about a phenomenon that you see in the laboratory or about
genetic sequences reported in a database all that really is completely irrelevant when you
haven't started with actually discovering the organism and nature first right
I just add to Tom with regards to virology and the agreed-upon way in which they isolated quite
virus and we know that the cell culture is one of the things they've held up since the
1950s is perhaps they're quite gold standard but we should also be careful too because they
incredibly loose within virology when they use the term isolation and in fact I truly believe
we need to address this too what my suggestion to you is is that if they wanted to have pushed
this ball farther than they did in 2020 2021 or 2022 they could have
by explicitly saying that if there is no virus the only conclusion we can come to
is that if anybody is dying they are dying for no reason they are dying because they are being
manslaughter murdered and for three years for whatever reason this group of geniuses was never
able to get past the isolation purification virology cultures are fake
but if they murdered people and lied on television in order to preserve this mythology
you'd think that would be a pretty powerful part of the story for them to regularly hammer
hey America we're we're too cute little New Zealanders down here in New Zealand having our
own little farm and living all naturally and we just wanted to let you know that one of the
reasons why we know they're lying about virology is because they probably just murdered people in
America but Sam Bailey's never been able to come to that conclusion never been able to do that
math where wait if the PCR was fake which she was talking about in 2020 then they treat people
differently remember these people are both doctors both Bailey's are MDs and yet somehow
or another they never said that well if the PCR is fake and then they start treating people
for pneumonia differently like you know not using antibiotics or or not using um
or using something like remdesivir or medazalam where is all the summary over how obvious it is
that there's no virus because they murdered people with medazalam because they lied about
the cause of death because they use respirators and ventilators when they shouldn't have
because they use drugs that kill people because they flooded the streets with opiates because of
this long list of things there is no virus instead it is purification isolation culture
purification isolation culture three dots on a page and arguing about whether they connect or not
and they did it for going on for years now there's just something wrong with it
and I think that's what's wrong with it it's not meant to score a touchdown just like Robert Malone's
objection to the vaccine on June 20 June and 2021 on Brett Weinstein's podcast with Steve
Kirst wasn't meant to score a touchdown just like the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation
isn't meant to score a touchdown they're meant to be hamster wheels that delay our progress
that make us feel productive by asking the wrong questions over and over and over again
if they haven't even standardized it so if you read what most virology textbooks you cannot find
in the glossary it will not specifically say what it is and we all know from listening to
virologists that it can mean anything from taking a sample from a person it can mean the cell
culture result it can mean plaque assades it can mean simply detecting genetic sequences so all of
these methodologies have been used to declare isolation absolutely no argument with Mark Bailey
most of the things that he says are so focused and spot on I like the farewell to virology document
it's pretty solid as well he complements and builds on things that people did before him
Mark Bailey may be the reason why all these other people exist and maybe why a lot of people try
to focus on Sam Bailey all the time instead of Mark because Mark is really not down with it
the game that we're being that's being played here Mark is not really down with it he he was not a
impressive interview on Mark Coolak show for example and when Mark Coolak asked him about
exosomes it was just kind of a big mirror it's unfortunate you know they have as much certainty
as the liars do about virology that they're right but they have no they have no nuanced explanation
for where we are just nowhere and I think the reason this is important and we'll see in some of the
I'm not talking about Mark though I'm talking mostly about Andy Kaufman and Tom Cole
yes we're about to analyze is that and I've addressed this criticism of Christine's work before as well
and in fact I dedicated a whole section to it in my essay farewell to virology and people
allege that Christine is wording it in some particular semantic trick so that there's no
possible way that they could know what we're what we're trying to argue is is that there are a
number of reasons why foyas don't work as definitive evidence of anything especially if you start
foying random police departments and then it doesn't matter what language you use or or how you do it
this is another one of those hamster wheels and then to emphasize this hamster wheel as
gold standard evidence see we told you so anybody that works in government anybody that works in
the press for any length of time anyone that's tried to get information from the government
using a foyer request especially the American government understands that even if you have all
the nuances correct they can still avoid you they can still delay it they can still give you a
non-answer never mind the fact that if this is as I've posited for several years now and national
security priority they can just lie come on
you know isolated and quote a virus but Christine's work is super important because
thousands of times around the world and it's not just SARS-CoV-2 it's with all sorts of
quote viruses they say they've isolated they actually say in the titles of these papers that
they have isolated the virus and we know that they have it and I think that that's what
Dr. Kui and others are missing is it is very important the way we actually define what I think
he says it very nicely and I really appreciate that he respects that that you know he says it in
a way or you're missing it and I think that what they're missing is is that the other half of the
story is then that means they murdered people and you guys have missed it for four years where you
it would have been an easy slam dunk for you to say on every single appearance you were ever on
Andy Kaufman doesn't care about the people that were murdered in his state of new home state of
New York isn't that where he lives or is he live in Vermont I mean it's crazy
the mass casualty event in New York City that could be used as the shining beacon of lie and
deception and murder by these people for as long as the pandemic has existed as not on the radar
at all at all like just you know here's an easy dunk no oh sorry I can't see that isolation
what'd you say again? Flation is so if Christine's proved that you can go around the world
hundreds of different institutions and when you find out what they actually mean by isolation
we can see it doesn't have anything to do with the physical isolation of the particle and it can
mean just about anything they want and if you haven't isolated it you cannot study it and find out
what it's made of that's just the rule of nature okay now we're going to pull up some clips from
JJ a monologue that he gave in a video he produced referencing some of Christine's work and all
it's not a monologue I always do a monologue this is a monologue too so you know I don't need to
interview people all the time because I'm a teacher so if I don't have anything to teach I
guess go subscribe to somebody else Alex also loosely referencing some other what he calls virus
deniers and discuss some various points in the clips I'm interested now how is this a gotcha
well I'll tell you how because for the last five or eight or ten years it has always been
that in order to isolate a virus you start with a cell culture you start with something else
or you sequence it and then you make your best guess cDNA version of it and you use an infectious
clone proxy for it which is what I'm talking about with regard to the Scooby-Doo they are trying to
make you believe that natural viruses or combinations of natural genes are capable of generating a
viral product that can generate a pandemic and I believe the biology of coronaviruses does not
support that idea but they really want you to believe it does and actually the only way to weaponize
a coronavirus would be to make a large quantity of an RNA infectious clone which would allow some
degree of legitimate PCR positivity some legitimate sequences and the other way that you can get
legitimate PCR positivity and legitimate sequences is to have SARS related viruses already in the
background for 20 years that's the most parsimonious explanation in my humble opinion yeah so so Jay
he's talking about clones and coronaviruses he's talking about methodologies that
can't actually demonstrate the existence of a virus because he's talking about cell
culture he's talking about sequencing something making the best guess cDNA version of something
and so he's not even discussing methods that could show the existence of a virus but he's still
talking about viruses which is confusing and I would just love for him to just cite a paper if
he's insisting that these exist why doesn't he just cite one for us also he talks about the
possibility of legit PCR PCR for a virus and yet we know that even under the best case scenario
even if a virus was shown to exist and a PCR test was done in the optimal manner it would still only
give you some evidence of a of a little sequence being present it wouldn't show you you wouldn't
be able to confirm a virus and so you're not an infection or disease so I hope you can yeah
that's what I wanted to say about that just I hope you can hear that it just it really seems
as though they are pretending they don't understand very much like Kevin McCurnan pretended he didn't
understand and had to come up with all these little ways are you saying that they took the
DNA and sprayed it around are you saying that the DNA is what they used are you saying that they
sprayed the RNA around or what are you saying exactly I don't get it what do you mean
and so they're acting like they don't understand what I've said or they haven't watched more than
this clip and they don't get it that what I'm I'm saying that RNA virology is exaggerated I'm saying
that there's probably a signal there and then what they're gonna hammer on is that I'm still
unfortunately using the terminology that I was given at that time and still stuck with because
I was working on the book with SARS viruses in the background and I wasn't quite nuanced enough
to say that a background signal could be misconstrued as coronavirus is spreading could be
misconstrued as viruses in the background and that background signal could be anything
it could be noise it could be bacteriophages it can be any combination of bacteriophages noise
exosomes everything and from not just us but our environment and all the living beings in it
and I wasn't there yet I wasn't quite as practiced as I am now but I believe wholeheartedly that you
can already see that they're ignoring what I'm saying to try and simplify what I'm saying
to defending virology and I'm not I just shredded it right there as best as I could in 2023 and they
pretend as though I'm just defending virology as it stands and I would like to see some evidence
for these coronaviruses that he keeps talking about and you go ahead yeah I just want to pick up on a
quote we do have a transcript of these clips so I didn't memorize it that quickly but he said you
know it has always been that in order to isolate a virus you start with a cell culture you start
with something else now why would you start with something else besides what you're trying to
discover that that's just a very strange thing why would you start with a cell culture well I
wouldn't you start with the source of the virus in nature and then he goes on to say that when you
sequence it you make your best guess version of it now why would you have to guess if something
is real and in nature we've shown that we have the sequencing technology to take a known organism
and you know sequence it in its entirety and you know we can talk about the significance of the
genetic sequence in a separate discussion but certainly there's no reason to guess and then he
goes on to say further that that you use an infectious clone proxy for it in order to study
now if the real thing exists why would you have to use a proxy why couldn't you use the real
nice so here you go you see how close we were in 2020 but they still want to pretend that this
is an idiot they are portraying to their listeners that I am as foolish as anybody has ever been
foolish look look at this please oh sorry you can't see it what do I have to do escape yeah look at
this look at this oh this is in the player I'm sorry so I got to look it up on on on rumble to show you
this uh hold on one second please just be you know you're here for the for the long haul so you
know just hang on I'll find it um and I need to look for uh it's like
no um
uh maybe that'll do it oh what the hell do I can I look at my history maybe darn it
um
um I just had it I did I swear I just had it darn it
but what it says on the bottom of the the rumble video version of this is or or one of them it
says that um that uh another another something something is uh you know destroyed by these people
or or or you know made a fool of whatever corrected um it's a it's a hit piece um
anyway it's not meant to be nice and they're not meant they're they're overlooking what I just
said which is really frustrating in retrospect how much they did not thing in fact play fair
an infectious clone proxy requires significant effort and technology whereas if you already have
found this um organism or particle in nature uh then you could simply study it further you don't
wow so what is the point here then are they not going to admit then that an infectious clone
could be lied about because there are no viruses don't you see how I handed it to him
I handed it to him on a civil or platter and then the guy who was shaking hands with Andrew
Kromo in 2019 after winning a small grant to produce a bio bio sensor for prisoners
tells you to ignore the infectious clone comment if a if an infectious clone is a proxy then why
do you need to use a proxy he doesn't understand what I just said in my email and what I've said
there that it's a purity level that doesn't exist in nature and that's the lie that's the danger
he doesn't see it he can't after three years of working hard on this question can't see
what Dr. Kui is almost there but not quite
come on guys if you don't see this for what it is I don't know if I can help you anymore because
this is really wonderful you need to go to the expense and the effort and time to make a synthetic
version of it it just doesn't make sense that you would you would do it if you wanted to lie
you would go through all the expense of making leaders of the same sequence so that you could
put it in places and make sure that the molecular biology was solid to make sure that the Suhomish
man could be cultured from don't you see Andy I'm trying to teach you I was trying to teach you
for two or three years already just like I've been trying to teach everybody else RNA can't
pandemic but they can make it DNA they can make it PCR works
it's the fidelity they've lied about it's the signal background that they've lied about it's the
it's the it's the absolutely it is the isolation of viruses from the wild that they've lied about
it is absolutely the cardinal primary weakness of this biological field is that there is no
laboratory model of a cultured virus that grows and and evolves in the in the laboratory that
doesn't happen the only way they can pretend that happens is if they start with an infectious
clone and then lie about their experimental results or or hand wave over them and that's why the
plaque assay and the cell culture for psychopathic effects are still standard methodologies
and I totally agree with them but that bearded genius over there could say infectious clones
three times in a row and for some reason not realize that I was trying to give it to them I was trying
to unite us on this idea that there was a collective agreement to lie about the fidelity of RNA
virology and then infectious clones was the opposite side of that coin and then explaining
to people that RNA doesn't have the fidelity that suggests pandemic that could even support an
epidemic that that anytime they ever been able to trace it they got 27 kids in the Netherlands
I would have been on their team I would have been full full bore on I would have bought the shirt
and everything but instead what happened this study something else in order to learn about
a different thing. Tom go ahead. Yeah and I forgot to say this in the beginning but I did
I did take the opportunity to ask Dr. Cooley to appear with us on this little program and
apparently he declined because I didn't hear from him and I asked him because he's talking
about coronaviruses and he's talking about infectious clones but let's focus on coronaviruses and
the issue that he's we're having here is Duke. Let's focus on coronaviruses right because we
don't want to understand what Dr. Cooley is saying we want to obfuscate it and we want to stay focused
on the definition of coronaviruses and isolation and purification of them even though I'm telling
them in the video that they can't do that that the way they skirt that small problem is that they
make an infectious clone a DNA copy of it then they can make enough RNA so that they get a regular
repeatable sideopathic effect they get a regular repeatable RNA sequence signal that they can find
and they can hand wave over and say see there's viruses never mind that we started with a cDNA
clone and a pure quantity of RNA that doesn't and can't exist in the wild never mind that
I was given it to them I was begging them to take it and run and they instead shoved it in my face
as if they couldn't understand Mark Bailey didn't get it Andrew Kaufman didn't get it
Zach doesn't get it Massey doesn't get it common Cowan doesn't get it they all what did times say
let's not think about infectious clones let's stay focused on coronaviruses this little program
and apparently you declined because I you don't need to go to the expense and the effort and time
to make a synthetic version of it it just doesn't make sense that you would study something else
in order to learn about a different thing Tom go ahead yeah and I forgot to say this in the
beginning but I did I did take the opportunity to ask Dr. Cooley to appear with us on this little
program and apparently he declined because I didn't hear from him and I asked him because he's
talking about coronaviruses and he's talking about infectious clones but let's focus on coronaviruses
and the issue that he's we're having here is do coronaviruses exist so I asked for a paper
that demonstrated that the these coronaviruses exist and then we could look at the methodology
and that is what I was talking about the frustration part and what Andy was of course my answer was
no but I can encourage you to look up infectious clones so you can understand how they've lied about
it it's the same thing that that uh that that character Eric Capilino did to me earlier in the
same year okay well after we get off the show can you provide me with papers I'm like I don't
need to give you any papers just put infectious clones into PubMed and read
which one do you want to start with wouldn't it be more important and more
impressive to you if it was that simple that you could just put the words infectious clones into
PubMed and start reading the free papers you could figure out that they always have known this
and the people that aren't aware of it are just too naive to know
and there is no way in hell that Andy Kaufman just said infectious clones like three times and
and they all all said it and they don't understand that I was giving it to him that I was agreeing
with them that I was trying to show them how all of us could be right referring to let's first go
very systematically they say that they proved a corrupt any lab that made the mRNA vaccine could
make infectious clones any lab that makes proteins like antibodies could make the infectious
clone because in order to make proteins you use process two which is a recombinant
E. coli culture that's replicating a DNA plasmid of your own design all protein biologics are made
this way therefore all of these pharmaceutical companies that were already making these these
antibodies could have easily shifted their equipment over to making RNA and DNA absolutely
and Mark put it in the chat already Inovio was doing it on BBC in January and they were growing
the DNA of the spike it's just it's just bigger plasmids and remember when I say infectious clones
what I'm really saying is a very broad thing I'm not suggesting to you that the only solution to
this issue in the only answer to the question of what how to was the crime done is that they
made a five segmented uh infectious clone and then they released it on the world and then the
infectious clone went around the world by itself they only needed to make the RNA or the DNA that
they were going to test for in any particular place let me just give you a hypothetical example
so that you can see how wicked and benevolent this lyset could have been if in the United States
they decided to emphasize PCR testing to the spike and to the end protein then they could have
used small small RNAs they could have used spike protein and end protein RNAs to transfect a few
people so that that signal would show up they could have also already characterized the background
signals of spike proteins and end proteins or whatever those amplicons are actually because
again with regard to this these people could be right maybe there are no uh exogenous viruses
maybe there are only endogenous ones and so they're identifying conserved pieces of exosomes
that all of our our bodies emit and they've misconstrued that as a real signal but the one
problem here is to assume that it's only overcycling of a PCR tester it's only bad primers of a PCR
test because one of the mysteries that needs to be unraveled and one of the the illusions that
needs to be broken is that PCR is all the same level of fidelity and it's not it takes skill it takes
it takes um it takes a good degree of troubleshooting before you have a PCR test that is adequate enough
and foolproof enough to prove something in an academic setting if you want to show that a
particular protein is present in a particular subset of neurons in the brain you're going to
need a whole hell of a lot than a couple pair of primers for a couple pair of the subunits
that's not going to cut it you're also going to have to demonstrate with high fidelity that this
these tools are specific and that the signal is specific and that the negative controls and
positive controls that you have done are sufficiently valid and none of those were none of those
things were done if you look at any EUA for any PCR test that was ever rolled out in the United
States or in Canada or anywhere else none of the standard levels of of standard levels of quality
control or let's say just standard levels of fidelity were used everybody at the academic bench
assumes that there were at least nested primers used and so it's amazing to me that
still none of these people have gotten sophisticated enough to at least address this issue that
molecular biology isn't all fake everything that Kevin McCurnan does isn't fake
and so you've got to have a more nuanced position than they're just lying about all this stuff and I
think that's where when you give them the story of infectious clones when you tell them that look
there's thousands of papers out there they all are admissions that the only way this works the
easiest way this works the replicable way that's works the way that they can repeat it and share
it is if they start with a copy and because we've had the technology to make lots of copies of DNA
and RNA for a while then it seems really weird that in all their focus on isolation and and
purification they they haven't gone so far as to say so to overcome these incredible shortcomings
they've lied to you about virology by using basic recombinant methods and transfecting
cell cultures and telling you that's evidence of a virus all of the tools all of the language
all of the previous products all of the previous experiments all of the anecdotal evidence from
other fields is all there they could tie it all together and then top it off with the cherry
so in order for you to buy this lie they murdered people in New York City but instead
we're still talking about coronavirus isolation in culture.
Coronavirus exists because of electron microscope pictures and I know Mark is a real expert on this
and through a psychopathic effect in a cell culture and we're saying neither of those actually
demonstrate the existence of a coronavirus therefore if there's no coronavirus then all this stuff about
weaponizing and cloning and all this is based on nothing.
I have a quick little side there just for clarification on another video he talked about how his
thoughts are that the creation of this RNA infectious clone of SARS-CoV-2 and of other viruses
is the more likely culprit for what may have either accidentally or purposefully been released
from a lab that's that's his idea is that is that an RNA infectious clone? No it's so that's
that's unfortunate we were to make a call. That's unfortunate because that's not what I was saying
and I think it's a it's a purposeful distortion I was already saying that the only way they could
do it is with quantity. You saw it in the email the email also said it very clearly that furthermore
synthetic of biology however even then it would only be in a pure quantity that any such agent
would pose a potential threat to thousands of people so they needed to make a pure quantity
in leaders. I said it in that our in that email they have transcripts of my shows so don't tell
me they don't know that I don't believe that as infectious clone could go around the world like
Charles Rixi and Kevin McCarran think it can like Kevin McCernan also thinks it can.
Phone of you we would have to start with you right. We know you exist and you're not a clone
at present right you're the original. I have a belly button so I'd say so that's a little joke
but yes here it comes. Right so if if there are clones of this thing then where where's the original
so we can see it and compare the clone to the original. Oh is that the shittiest argument
you've ever heard? Where's the original? How does that prove that clones couldn't be used?
How's that prove that clones couldn't be used to sequence to see the sequence? How does that
prove that that clones couldn't be used to lie about virology to create the reproducible
the reproducible cytopathic effects the reproducible RNA signal how is it possible that you can't
possibly believe he doesn't get it and you can't possibly believe that he believes this is a valid
argument there would if they can make infectious clones then where's the original one?
The original one doesn't matter if they can make infectious clones and lie about it Andy Kaufman
holy crap you can't be that dumb. See that they're the same. Well and then to build off of that too
right that would imply that the clone is what has proliferated amongst the human population and
again where is the evidence for that clone existing inside the human population the same applies for
finding the alleged pathogenic particle and no it is not the argument I'm making I'm making that
all they had to do is put that clone in the Sohomish County man and have those those duped
people on the PBS news hours swab his his thing and find that sequence when they sent it away and
how would we know they sent the sequence away to Ditra they didn't even do it on site
so Ditra told them that he was positive we could have been allies for a year already we could have
been shredding for a year already alongside CHD and we could have all been working together to
dispel this myth of virology fidelity and of vaccine effectiveness and we're still not look how close
we were look how close we were inside of a human being or inside of a human being's fluid
or tissue right exactly like it I asked him to show us a paper proving the existence demonstrating
the existence of this SARS-CoV-2 whatever it is infectious clone natural particle lab created
I asked the same question of everybody who's claiming lab created virus show me the virus
show me the methodology in the paper which has to be a cell culture because that's how they say
you isolate the virus and they it's also how they produce viruses see that's the problem they're
just dropping that ball I said it just go google it just PubMed it then look at those papers and see
that they put a cDNA on a cell culture then they take the supernatant off and they say they have
viruses that's what an infectious clone is and you could have you could have dunked on it
don't have it or if you look at the cell culture they don't have an independent variable they don't
do it with the virus or without because they say they can't find the virus so there's no science
there yeah the important point here is that they'll come up with a bunch of excuses for why they
have to use the cell culture to isolate viruses so setting aside the discussion on the scientific
method which it's very clear in order to begin experimentation you need to have your thing you
think is the cause the presumed cause the independent variable it has to exist you have to show it
it has to be natural observation there can't be any manipulation of the investigator you have
to have the thing you think is the cause existing before you can even proceed with the experiment
if this is the worst case scenario that they were releasing a clone or clones they might have
released a very different one in Iran that they either expected to do more damage but if you
realize that a clone is not going to spread but could cause inflammation or whatever else their
designer protein does like if they transfected people with an aerosolized RNA that encoded a
staphylococcan and teratoxin B protein and some people inhaled that RNA and some people's
endothelial cells started expressing staphylococcan and teratoxin B you could have some very serious
shit happen but it wouldn't be that they would start coughing it out and then it would spread
all around the world and RNA virologists know that because it doesn't also spread around their
whole laboratory when they start with clones they can't start with clones and now they have a
sustainable culture that's not how it works they always have to go back to the clones to start
that's what i've been trying to share
there is no perpetual baking in virology you either need to go back and swab another animal for a
few experiments or you need to go back to the DNA replicate in order for a few more experiments to
happen and there is no way in hell you can lead me to believe or convince me that these people
don't understand that's the point i was making in that email and in the streams that i was already
doing at this time it's just it's just absurd they are defending their own viewers from
understanding the subtleties of how shitty their argument is but they'll come up with a bunch of
excuses for why they cannot follow or strictly adhere to the scientific method and again in terms
of logic those are all reification policies they assign characteristics to viruses they say that
a virus is too weak to isolate or purify directly from the fluids they say that there's not enough
of it present inside the fluids they're assigning characteristics to something a real virologists
are not me i have accepted all those lies and interpreted it as they are lying about infectious
clones as the evidence that the other stuff is real and they're pretending that they don't
understand purification fallacy uh that is abstract that has not been proven to actually exist in
nature can i um add um electust on top of the comment so far with regard to what dr coe said
there as well along with the problem of the fact that why don't you just um yeah get the virus
directly and deal with that but he said that they create infectious cDNA clones of these
alleged viruses now Sam and i together with Tom we actually addressed this in a recent video
and went over a Ralph Barrick paper that alleged to have created one of these infectious clones and
the word infectious should not be used in there at all because at no stage did they demonstrate
that what they had created i totally agree i totally agree but we have to use the terminology
that's there and so for now if you want to identify the methodology that is misconstrued has been
misconstrued as representing high fidelity RNA virology the words are infectious clones that's
what you should search for you want to argue that infectious clones is a stupid name for a dna clone
i totally agree mark and the cell culture bro had any capacity to infect anything or cause
disease essentially they were doing the usual track what we should call them is transfection
clones that's what we should call them because that's what they're doing they're
transfecting the cell culture with the dna or an RNA that they've made and then they're either
driving it in with electroporation or they're driving it in with with uh some lip effectamine
or something like that and then the result that comes out whatever those cells do with it whatever
they secrete is considered viruses and they don't do any more analysis than that and i totally agree
with him but what i'm trying to point out is that every time they use that cell culture to generate
viruses they start with a cDNA clone in any of these papers and that cDNA clone is then termed
an infectious clone because they like that word and i totally agree infectious doesn't belong in
there but look how far we could have been if they would have just cooperated instead of tried to
dunk and slam and and slander me chd and the no virus people could have been one collective
anti public health anti vaccine movement in 2000 the beginning of 2023 but instead
it's still completely fractured and chd is still talking about gain of function and still talking
about lab leak and still talking about ibermectin and still hasn't changed their understanding
because they're still there and these people are still no virus isolation purification hamster
wheel and can't come up with any way to get farther you know like saying they lied about viruses
isolation and purification is nonsense and it's such an important mythology to protect they were
willing to kill people in new york city and kill people in bergamole and kill people in iran and
lie about why they died and they were even willing to put in a signal using rna and dna and the sewers
and stuff to make us really convinced and dr cooley has found this really interesting
uh glitch in rna virology and it appears to be that there are some very basic molecular biology
that they techniques that they could have used to plant the signal and so whether it's a background
signal that exists or not whether it's viruses or exosomes or not they have the means to have
contaminated the background they have the means to have seeded the narrative of a contaminated
background they have the means of how seeding a narrative of a mass casualty event in new york
city and then misconstruing that has spread and so there's so much evidence that there was no virus
that it would seem almost illogical to spend years exclusively focused on isolation and
purification wouldn't it? So proxy techniques of just detecting sequences which they put in
and then detected them again later and claimed that they had something that was replicating and
virus like in nature so again it's problematic and i agree with the others that um
when dr cooley is talking about these things he slips in the word coronavirus
as though these things have been shown to exist and all of the investigations that i've done
dating back to alleged infectious bronchitis virus which was the supposed first coronavirus
to be isolated back in the 1930s at no stage did any of these researchers demonstrate that they
had a particle that fulfilled the description of a virus and i think this is we have mentioned
this and i'll say it again and i think dr cooley is missing this we point out that the methodology
that has been used for over 100 years and the virology is not sufficient to make the claim
and i'm not missing it and i wasn't missing it then i was trying to put out a message
that the most people could understand even academic biologists could understand
that that would be a bridge to their skilled tv watching and skilled social media understanding
to a place where they could question the right things question the right assumptions
and it is really disappointing to to realize that you know we could have been in such a different
place more than a year ago had had anybody reached out in a normal way had anyone been able to say
hey you're almost there but what about this just insults and and and more insults no respect
no nod of wow he's almost there that's the part that i just find so sad is that they could have
they could have seen that i was almost there and instead they tried to push me as far
as they could that they've made and the other problem was that the hypothesis of viruses
was it was put forward before they found them and of course we know now they can't find them
and since that time every every observation they make whether it be a PCR and genomic sequence
uh electron microscopy appearances is now just used to try and fit this model which has been
you know proven false over and over again the other thing he talks about there is he says the word
legitimate sequence and i'm not quite sure what he means by legitimate sequence because
again we're not saying that biological material doesn't have various genetic sequences and proteins
etc what we're saying problem is is that they're being attributed to viruses when there's no proof
that this is where they've come from so it's a provenance issue so i agree with that too and it's
weird because when mark talks it's fine when mark speaks it's totally on point when mark debated
kevin mccaren on tim's truth's podcast the only thing kevin mccaren could do was yell and scream
um he made a right fool of himself those few years ago and i do think that mark bailey might be
the one that needed the most control the the one message that needed to be have somebody else
standing in front of him and so they amplified his wife they amplified um Andy Kaufmann and tom
kawen and it it it will never leave the front of my mind that in march of 2020 the first time i heard
Andy Kaufmann's name was when it was repeated over and over weekend after weekend by kevin
mccaren on the streams that i was doing with him and paul katrel and adi ads in march in april of
2020 um these people were put in place ladies and gentlemen they were put in a place to occupy
space and to help curate a limited spectrum of debate within which within which most of us are
still trapped and we could hear from tom kawen's interview yesterday or from his q&a stream yesterday
that we watched that while he's very capable in 2024 of enunciating how uh malevolently the idea of
early treatment was used as a way of manipulating people's understanding and making people accept
that there was a novel virus but then in the exact same 20 minutes was able to say that there are no
ion channels there are there nothing about what we understand about membrane physiology is true
then in another minute he was able to say that we are electrochemical beings that vibrate or something
and so i have identified these people over and over again as people who who take good ideas like
what mark bailey has spent a lot of time writing up in farewell to virology and distorting them and
and and obfuscating those rather clear ideas behind things like water memory and you know
whatever magic karma fields replace our understanding of memory and physiology and tom kawen's mind
you know water memory where it freezes pictures of emotions these things are all taken very
seriously but virology boy i can tell you all the stuff that's wrong with virology but this
rest of this stuff i'll far be it from me to question any of that stuff and that stance just
doesn't cut it with me that stance belies i don't know what else to say but somebody on this team
or somebody behind them is a consistent liar spectacularly committed to it too and we get this
argument all the time saying people will say well i've looked at g said and they've found this virus
sequence 14 million times and the problem is is that they're using the same technique or similar
techniques around the world and it's the technique that is the problem okay so if it's the technique
that's the problem mark i just want you to imagine where they took this imperfect technique and they
tested it out for about a year so that they knew what this perfect imperfect technique would produce
and after they had a pretty consistent signal with this imperfect technique then they rolled it out
as a test in the context of a novel virus spreading they created a mass casualty event in a few places
in the world and then they lied about it for consistently for three years and there are
methodological ways that they could have seeded the the molecular data to make it really hard to
disbelieve it's just very frustrating that they don't seem to be able to get there to show
and we get this argument all the time saying people will say well i've looked at g said and
they've found this virus sequence 14 million times imagine the scenario where that is the background
mark whatever that is whatever they've exaggerated there there is a background signal and on that
background noise they have already characterized the results of these bullshit tests and whatever
that characterized result is has been misconstrued as a spreading novel pathogen i wanted to be on
your team man years ago that's why i reached out to your wife before your last kid was born
don't tell me you don't know that and don't tell me you don't know that i was trying to bridge
this gap trying to give subtle nuance to this argument and don't tell me you don't understand
it because i know one or more of these people definitely does the problem is is that they're
using the same technique or similar techniques around the world and it's the technique that is
the problem not the results i mean we know that virology generates in an ordinary amount of data
it's a huge amount of data and some people think because there's a lot of data
it means that it must be real again what we're saying is yes they have a lot of data but i've
interpreted it completely and correctly yes so mark bailey can say it now all you have to do is
jump to the conclusion that so in order to bamboozle us about messing around with self-replicating
RNAs they just told us this story about pandemic viruses and they're making these infectious clones
and testing this transfection shit in laboratories for years and lying to us about it yes yes mark
holy cow yes you we could have been there three years ago
it wasn't for kevin mccairn and and richard flemming and charles rixie and and james lion's
weiler and the whole group of drastic and all andi koffman could talk about was isolation and
purification all tom kowin could talk about was isolation and that's why we're here and why we
didn't get here in 2021 or even earlier because of people like bret weinstein and robert melone
and steve kirsch and all of them sticking to their own little part of the train the illusion that
we're stopping it and it does not support the hypothesis that viruses exist
okay we're gonna move on our kevin mccairn and kevin mccairn on the same page sort of
well that's a funny ask question to ask in the chat they're not on the same page sort of they're
on the same page actually um and that would be uh where is it
i have it here somewhere i put it in my list um
where did i put it in my list but uh there is a there's a life site news article where a video
of kevin mccairn is featured right alongside quotes from kevin mccairn and actually that life
science life site news article was also reposted by none other than murkola
yes they are on the same page absolutely they are um and i just i really thought i had that link
but i guess i'm not seeing it with my eyeballs here but i know i've got it somewhere
why don't i see it here i'm sure i kept it it's just a really long list of stuff to work on here
guys so i apologize for that um yeah but anyway they were definitely on the same page um they were
promoted by uh joe murkola the other day like a video from kevin mccairn
um and a quote from kevin mccairn and all about prions and and and double-stranded dna
contamination the exact you know scooby-doo narrative that was seated already at the beginning of the
pandemic by by kevin mccairn himself and i don't know if he knew what he was doing but when he said
that a billion people could die in march of 2020 um i don't think that was just him you know waxing
intellectual i think he was encouraged to say those things just like uh paul cotrell was
encouraged to do what he did and i don't know exactly what their role was but uh i think it was all
one giant performance and remains so um there's no way that somebody says worst-case scenario for
so long with so much certainty that a spike protein is this and a spike protein is that um and those
terms haven't changed in four years there's been no change in the team worst-case scenario
outlook on things since the beginning of the pandemic and there's been no change in the no
virus people's outlook since the beginning of the pandemic no additional arguments to be made no
no bigger pictures or better elevator pitches no improvement just worst-case scenario we're
gonna have a prion disease and amyloidosis everywhere and it's already evident because it
was a gain of function virus that was released from a laboratory it is the most infectious virus
we've ever had or there are just no viruses no viruses no viruses no viruses no viruses and
he's mistaken and infectious clones i don't it doesn't really matter just like kevin mccain
and charles rixie said that infectious clones didn't matter for about three quarters of a year
before they decided that they did and that the original release was a clone of course it was
and clones spread great because you know when you put fear and cleavage sites in them they do
wonderful things into this next clip from jj what's not possible is that all these people were
were finding infectious RNA and lying about it
that's not possible i'm sorry to break your bubble but that's not possible they could be
misinterpreting the data they could be misinterpreting what they were observing they could be
misunderstanding what was replicating there's lots of possibilities but what's not possible is that
all this biology can just be dismissed and and is not in need of an alternative explanation christine
and that's the problem with stopping at freedom of information request responses that say we
didn't isolate or purify the virus and then saying we win la la la i can't hear you write it down and
maybe i'll read it while her response is well i just asked them and they said no so you have to
prove that there are viruses i don't need to prove anything there's 40 years of molecular
biological data which indicates that RNA can be infectious can replicate itself seems to move
around maybe it's an endogenous signal maybe it's an immune response maybe it's something else
that we haven't characterized yet correctly but it's not nothing these sequences that people
are finding are not nothing okay response can i just jump in there Alec because it actually followed
from what i was just saying yeah it's yeah as i was pointing out in my previous comment it's
not the problem that virology hasn't generated a lot of data and Dr kiwi's holding up a book i
probably from the 1980s i think based on the rest of his interview there and yes i have
looked back even further back with regards to quote coronaviruses um now in the 1980s that was
when they said they first sequenced again it was infectious bronchitis virus and quotes that they
said was the first coronavirus to have the bull genetic sequence what part of what i just said
is not agreeing with him what part of i just said is not fully on board with what they're saying
it's somehow or another they are struggling to make a difference between what i said and what
they're saying it's extraordinary that's bad the problem again is is not that there wasn't a lot
of papers because it is likewise but um salmon i did an extensive investigation into the common
cold unit which operated i believe from 1946 through to about 1989 and they generated over a
thousand papers scientific papers uh allegedly regarding human human coronaviruses and
rhinoviruses etc so yeah we've looked and so again i'm suggesting that those observations
need to be revisited i'm not just saying they're all nonsense and yet somehow or another he doesn't
seem to hear it through many many of these papers and as i say by the time they got to the 80s when
they were doing more sequencing they said that hey this is the the genome of these illid viruses but
i went back and very carefully went through those papers to see what they actually did and
there's some pivotal papers around 1984 through the 1987 where they claimed that they had purified
variants and then they said that they sequenced the genetic sequence from these purified variants
but there was nowhere in those papers where they showed that they purified anything they simply
had chick embryo cultures and were introducing foreign material and on the basis that they were
seeing tissue damage in the form of sideopathic effects and plaques they said that there must
be a viral agent prison but they didn't purify anything and they certainly didn't show that
the genetic material was coming from inside any quite virus particles so we're still talking about
the methodologies that i've already agreed in email and on multiple videos are not high fidelity
they are not real they are nonsense and infectious clones is the way that they fake it works i've
said it i've already said it i wrote it down and they seem to ignore it they play the clips where
i say it and then they i guess they're they're trying to convince their viewers that i didn't
say what i just said the other thing which we've pointed out over and over again is that not once
did they do a control experiment to see whether they could find the sequences in other samples or
other cultures so again i think um yep we agree with dr kui that there's a huge amount of information
data etc and he he even said himself maybe the whole thing's been misinterpreted and i'd say
yes it has there are other explanations for these findings and uh that's uh it's it's pretty
straightforward really it's pretty straightforward really so then why were you being dicks for four
hours why for four weeks it's pretty straightforward why would we need to make an infectious clone if
the original thing exists and then they can't dunk on me with that one they can't say oh wow there
you go no they had to completely obfuscate it and now they're still obfuscating it how easy would it
have been i was asking them to to come on board and use what i know uh uh against me another important
point there too is that what he's implying is that we're all of us in the so-called no virus
camper saying that all of the virologists epidemiologists immunologist whatever
ologist you want to throw it in there are all lying that's not what we're saying i don't think
any of us are saying that we're saying exactly what he said is that they're likely misinterpreting
it or there's something else at play we don't think that there is this and maybe i'm speaking for
myself here feel free to correct me if any one of you disagrees but we don't think that there is
this you know dark occult group that comprises all virologists in the world and all experts in
the world that secretly meets and they're all keeping the true information from us
overwhelmingly they're just misinterpreting the results of the experiments that they've been taught
they're using infectious clones and they don't understand
i explained it and you and your friends are purposefully ignoring that i gave you the touchdown
yeah and you know with all these admissions that Professor Cooley is making
he's basically admitting that they haven't used scientific method because if they had then there
wouldn't be room he's basically admitting he's basically admitting still trying to misconstrue
me as someone who's obfuscating the truth or trying to mislead people this is just shitty
i'm sorry but this is just this is just sad and don't forget that she's a Canadian she's not an
American so as far as i'm concerned if you're Canadian and you're you're meddling in America
then it's already weird because you guys have your shit in in a bundle right now you have almost
no human rights left it seems to me that you better focus more on your own shit and pull your own
head out then worry about some American down here working for CHD for all this misinterpretation
so it's it's like on the one hand he's agreeing with us and then at the same time he's upset with
us because we're i guess he thinks we're misleading people we're jumping to conclusions yes you are
misleading people because you're not talking about the murder you're misleading people because you're
not talking about there is a way for them to lie about it so that potentially thousands of academic
biologists can have a light bulb go on in their head but instead every one of these people is
essentially responsible for that not happening um so i just find that a little it's a little
confusing again and it would have been nice if he had agreed to come on and talk to us because
then maybe we could have sorted all these things out and perhaps one day in the future he will agree
to some sort of a discussion with us also um he's implying i might have said this earlier but um
uh forgive me if i did already but he's he's implying that all we have is the freedom of
information responses and they're very powerful and they show that they don't have um an independent
variable and so they're not using scientific method um but at the same time there's like this
huge other body of work that um Andy and Tom and Alec and the bellies and other people as well
have done and there's this last amount of work Mike Stone many others
Medler um it's just unfortunate if people are being misled if they're not that familiar with
no virus movement just a medler getting this impression from just a medler that um all we
have is the FOIs also i'd mention to that with regard to the FOIs most of them do focus on
the purification issue but we have quite a few others on um the issue of the so-called mop
controls that are done in some studies we have um FOIs where we've just asked do you have any
records showing that scientific method was applied and SARS-CoV-2 was shown to exist we have um FOIs
asking from different angles we also have um emails that some colleagues have done where they
write directly to study authors and they ask them questions for example there's been a lot of work
done asking study authors if they used the type of controls where you um we know we know they never
fully control because they don't have purified particles but did you at least do the same
procedures for example the sequencing so many words that aren't infectious clones are a proxy
so many words are infectious cl- are not infectious clones are a proxy which they played the clip
they heard me say it and they're still hammering thing did you do it but running the same procedure
but with the sample from a healthy person or from someone with another disease and they they have
all said no so there's just this huge body of work that's been done and um so I hope
professor kui will come to understand that we're not just relying on FOIs but they are they are
powerful on their own unbelievable tom go ahead yeah it seems to me the problem is um we're
actually asking the question is there evidence the virus exists and what you hear is going off
into all kinds of tangents about well they misinterpret the data and and they've got 40 years
of of information and it could be a you know an antibody response or something else but what
happened to the i didn't say antibody response tom just to be sure we're clear the clips you
played i don't say antibodies i've called out antibodies is bullshit from the beginning another
completely bad misrepresentation of my stance question is that in that book is there the methodology
that demonstrates the existence of the virus and if there is why didn't you read that section
and say this is how it's scientifically valid and there should be no misinterpretation
and i stand behind that as a scientist because that is the question we're dealing with no i just
said it that they they've collected data that they don't understand that they misinterpret it maybe
it's immune signal maybe it's an endogenous signal they don't know and they may have misinterpreted
and infectious clones may be the way that a couple generations of people have misinterpreted it
and i handed them the ball and all they had to do was take a step across the goal line and instead
like Lucy they picked up the ball and fumbled it they oh sorry
and they're using this whole hour or hour and a half to explain to their viewers why they
shouldn't listen to me but could keep listening to them how incredible is that when i had every
intention of finally uniting chd and these people under the common rubric that they lied can you imagine
the kinds of malevolent forces that could potentially be involved that we got this close that email
that Bobby Kennedy and and Mary asked me to write an email and i was allowed to write it and that
was the email that i sent and this was what happened not how they misinterpreted it all this stuff
that's got nothing to do with it stick with the question is are the points in a straight line or
not don't go into what the paper is made of at all it's the exact scia don't ask any other questions
just ask the question that Tom Cowan and Andy Kaufman want you to ask and they've been pulling
this shit for four years that's why when Andy Kaufman first started his work in 2020 he was
still able to use the word exosomes and why in this talk they haven't used the word once
we've been played ladies and gentlemen and much more thoroughly than anyone wants to admit anyone
wants to see oh but we have been played all the rest just stick with the question show us in that book
the methodology how they prove the virus it's not there
okay and now we will play the second to last clip from JJ here we go second to last
and decades of research are built on this proxy relationship between a DNA produced RNA infectious
clone of a coronavirus and the sequence is found in the wild
and if he's not going to take the time to explain this subtlety and why that's significant in terms
of understanding what we know and not know about viruses and how we can learn from the new sequencing
technology technologies that are out there then he's not really being he's talking about things
that were out there a long time ago technologies that have been used for decades on the bench okay
there aren't technologies that have been used for decades on the bench in virology that are
applicable to these problems that he's trying to address because for the last 20 years
the virology has been an indirect study of things that we can't really prove are there
well i'll just point out that at the very end there jay agree with us on the last 20 years of
virology saying that it's all going oh and it's so cute as if you don't realize like i'm they're
making fun of me as though i'm unaware that i admitted it i'm unaware oh it's so cute at the
last clip there he admits that he agrees with us i want to give you some kind of gesture at this
point because it's just so disingenuous to say that you didn't know that i agreed with you from the
email that i wrote and i need people to understand that we have been played by these liars and they
are going to continue to agree that they didn't get it they're going to continue to agree that they
didn't understand what i was trying to do even chd some members of that crew are going to keep
agreeing that they didn't understand what i was offering them that i didn't that i wasn't clear
enough as to what infectious clones meant for understanding what really goes on i explained
this to the people that wrote the wuhan cover up book and it didn't change the book because the
book was supposed to be a historical document about what people claimed and what people said and so
i was allowed to add a quote which said they didn't even need a virus to do this
i was allowed to add papers that showed it i was allowed to explain what infectious clones were
and how they are a proxy for something they can't otherwise do with any methodologies that are
reproducible and it's all in the book too and so they're pretending and they keep pretending
that i either don't exist or that what i'm saying is not what i'm saying which is that they were
right about virology they were right about specifically RNA virology of which the HIV is also
an RNA virus and instead they spent this entire hour trying to obfuscate the fact that i wanted
to agree with them that i was giving them the ball all they had to do was take the infectious
clones and say see they can fake it and go across the finish line and then say hey and they probably
murdered people in america and that's further evidence that there's no virus but instead hamster
wheel hamster wheel and based on indirect methods and on things that we can't even show exist so
again it's a little confusing because he's frustrated with us for throwing away all of virology but he's
throwing away the last 20 years um and he goes on quite a bit in the rest of the video he talks about
how there's newer technologies and we're not sophisticated enough and we need to address all
these new technologies and i would think if i use the new technologies to attack the infectious
cycle and they're being disingenuous by not saying it here's another brilliant that talk that i gave
there includes a part about clones and what they do for the infectious cycle they overcome this
ridiculous inability to to culture things so listen again to what she just said about how there's
newer technologies and the newer technologies are nanopore sequencing which they don't need to
amplify anything they can just dump stuff through the pore and start sequencing it and so this would
have been a great way for them to segue into saying that jonathan cooey has also demonstrated that
despite all of these new technologies virology hasn't bothered to adopt them
virology is sticking with with with uh plaque assays and and and cell culture
psychopathic assays instead of moving on to these new things that's the point i'm making in that
video and they cut it really short so that i wouldn't clarify that point so that they wouldn't
you wouldn't hear it and they could just make a little cute statement about see he admits it
that's how wicked and malevolent this little game is that they played for three years or four years
and still playing now some of them are their handlers
and they've almost ruined the lives of people you know lots of people in the world have lost
time and energy in their hamster wheel and have never been told and shown that in order for this
hamster wheel of virology to exist that people needed to be murdered that in fact they may be
murdering people with the vaccine schedule since before the pandemic and lying about it
for exactly the same reason to preserve this mythology but somehow or another map bailey and
andie coughman and none of these people get there they never get there
and so understand if you can't see this as a lie of omission over many years then i don't know how
to help you we're not sophisticated enough and we need to address all these new technologies
and i would think these new technologies are way for you to edify your own stance you bonehead
don't pretend like you didn't know that i was trying to help if we have all these wonderful
new technologies that if anything the last 20 years would be the superior part of virology but
that's the part that he's throwing away so again it's a little a little confusing and i would argue
there's no need to go into any complex details i mean regarding the sequencing techniques
for sure it's interesting to some people and that's fine but when you realize that they never
purify particle and make sure that their genetic materials coming from that specific
particle instead they have a soup of millions of my voices that they detect in it i don't think
i'm losing my voice if i am i just yell too loud i apologize for the assembly on a computer they
don't actually sequence something and then in some cases the way they do the the detection of the
sequences they didn't even do it in a reliable manner because sometimes it involves PCR with
many cycles so like to me that's tells you everything you need to know it's there or just
the fact that they never purify tells you everything you need to know so disagree that we need to be
super sophisticated and go into all sorts of extra details again it's fine for people who
are interested in who have that knowledge but it's not necessary and yeah that's it
no one else has another edit well i mean you know if we want to get into the thing about
you know sequencing technology is also a it's just immaterial because whether it's
sanger sequencing micro pore or next generation they they all give you a sequence of whatever
genetic material that you start with but that's not the problem the problem is that as mark always
points out you know we don't know the origin of any of those little genetic fragments that
were sequencing so whether we know the sequence or not or what technology we use doesn't tell us
the answer to that question is where do those sequences come no one's arguing with this no one's
arguing i was never arguing with it they played clips where you can see it you've watched shows
for more than a year now where you can see it i'm arguing with the idea that they have they have
bamboozled people into thinking there's no way that this could have been done there's no way that
it could be more sophisticated than just what lying then they didn't murder anybody
i'm from and if we can't demonstrate that they come from a novel virus then essentially then we
have to do some more work to interpret if they have any meaningful interpretation at all
yeah i would add to i think um like taunts suggested before dr kleen needs to specify
which part we've got wrong and i'm not sure that he's aware of the body of work that um
the entire no virus um group had put together it's absolutely pathetic i'm sorry if if
i'm gonna i'm just i think that this is just nonsense um it's a it's an act it's a pretend act
mark may not know because these people may kept him out of the loop or encouraged him not to watch
or something maybe he's too busy but if he'd have just done an objective look into who i was mark
would have reached out to me i think and said wow dude you're so close or wow interesting
but they don't want you to understand that pcr could be faked they don't want you to understand
that a background signal could be misconstrued as spread they don't want you to understand
all the different ways that they could be lying simultaneously what they want you to do is focus
on one so that you never use the word murder they want you to focus on one so that you never
use the word lies have they ever said that they're lying about virology if they ever use the word
liar not just in the last two or three years but this is the states back to the 1990s with the
Perth group etc and has really built up momentum perhaps in this COVID-19 era but yeah it's not a
it's not a technological issue different link has been really good at this too it's just pointing
out that since the invention of the virus model it's refuted itself on its own terms so many times
that it's amazing that it's still alive and so when you get better sequencing technologies and
then virology doesn't use them isn't that kind of suspicious isn't that yet another
aspect of your story that i was handing to you on a silver platter that you're just
misconstruing as something that i got wrong or don't understand that is just sad to me it's
pathetic it's really it's really disturbing to see how insistent that they are somehow convinced
that whatever words come out of my mouth i don't get it and even when i say it she makes cute like
i said it but i didn't get it on it's it's really impressive so i mean this dates back to experiments
with the veg tobacco mosaic virus you can see that they never established that anything was
capable of passing between the plants in the late 1800s um right through to to recently with
the technology they're using today but the the issue is yeah like we say is is not whether you
can detect proteins and detect genetic sequences that that's all fine the issue is what it actually
means what's the relevance um and showing that it relates to so i'm saying that they can detect
sequences just like Mark Bailey and i'm suggesting that they have more than enough technology to put
those sequences where they intended to find them and then a spectacular commitment to lying about
that would be a real good way to start a pandemic but you'd still need to kill people people still
need to die and more than normal and so why do they spend so little time talking about that crucial
aspect of this illusion you can't just lie to people about viruses if people also don't die
and yet somehow or another in three years they've never been able to just muster
up the courage to say this is how they did it it's not just faking methodologies they also have to
fake results fake the results of lockdown fake the fidelity of of lockdown the signal was missing
in australia until until their borders opened again is all part of the orchestration and there's
lots of ways they could have done that but they could not have faked dying people i think they
needed to do some pretty amazing magic tricks to fake dying people and so that's why they probably
didn't fake dying all fake dying people there were probably a lot of people that were murdered in
new york city and around the world murdered by ignorance murdered by unwilling part on
winning participants that that that followed protocols because they were told
and so we don't need to discuss any of the the other aspects of the crime we just need to discuss
the one aspect of the crime that is drunk driving doesn't exist
there's no way i know that doesn't exist there's no other way that this could have been perpetrated
on us there's no other way that this could have been done it's just simply they they're all wrong
all the way back to the 1800s whatever they were looking at is wrong okay so what's the explanation
then and that's what we're doing and i think we're nailing it and that's why they had to ignore us
because it's not time for the truth to come out yet maybe the time to come out will be when
robert f Kennedy jr is in his second term in my books out and then he hires me as some kind of
advisor and america has already divided into 50 separate states and our constitution has been dissolved
maybe it's only after my family and i are forced to move to the netherlands and then when i'm over
there somehow somebody finally acknowledges that oh it's probably just infectious clones
and then they lied about it probably just a background signal that they characterize before
the pandemic and then released all the the phylogenetic stuff from ditro databases and said that they
were sequencing stuff and then once the phylogeny was present then they can let everybody sequence
the background and just drop it in who cares
these alleged viruses i think you know the biggest problems for virology is that it's not even
consistent on its own terms and we've demonstrated this over and over again is that they can't
demonstrate validity because they don't use the scientific method and as Andy pointed out before
you need to do control experiments where you have independent variables and it's
it's not just one thing like cell cultures where they're not doing controlled experiments it's
it's in everything and i mean some of the stuff that christine and her colleagues have got
directly from these researchers is just incredible and they basically admit that they don't do control
experiments and some of them sort of on reflection say there's been a couple of really interesting
ones where they've said well maybe we should have a good point so yeah i'm in the entire thing i'm
not um i think again someone like dr coe has to specify exactly which bit we've got wrong look
at the smile on Andy Kaufman's face what is that smile being generated by what did he read or what
is he seeing here because in my mind mark bailey right now is engaging in in something like a lie
because they played the clips multiple clips where i said that maybe it's an endogenous signal maybe
it's an immune signal maybe they don't know what they're talking about maybe it's just
misinterpreted data i don't even think they can isolate viruses i said it all and instead of saying
wow he seems to agree with us on most of this stuff they make it seem to their they represent
it to their viewers as though i don't get it and the caption of this video said that i didn't get
it and that these guys have cleaned another clock i hope i'm not belaboring the point that
we have been bamboozled by liars and i don't know where they are in this picture or if they're behind
it but i assure you that this insistence that the only thing we need to talk about is this one little
hamster wheel we've been on for this entire hour without acknowledging the actual words in the
clips that i that they played of me it's extraordinary instead of alleging that we don't have any material
or that we're relying completely on for our documentation etc because that's that's not where
things are the worst thing my argument was is that that this person right here christine massy seems
to go around flouting the foyas as enough and that it frustrates me that somebody like she was being
interviewed with that was uh that's the guy who does global
um his last name is like chif michael chafkowski or something like that he's a dude who's got like
a global news website of some kind or another and so she was being interviewed by him and for an
hour they're talking about the significance of foyas never talking about murder and lying about
protocols and and all this other stuff but just hyper focused on this the same thing that they've
been focused on for this hour and so that's what i was doing in that stream was trying to say that
they're missing this opportunity to take a step over the goal line um where they would be able to
make an argument that's a lot stronger that even more virologists would be potentially
persuaded by more academic biologists would be potentially persuaded by to demonstrate they
understand the nuances of PCR they understand the nuances of of sequencing reactions and that
signal could be seeded and explain to some of these people who again they admit they the foyas seem
to reveal they don't understand their own experiments so then why not approach them about it and open
that opening and say hey have you ever thought about the possibility that infectious clones don't
do what you thought they did have you ever thought about the possibility that what you're detecting
doesn't seem to replicate like you pretended it does and then maybe some of these methodologies
should be understood in a different way nope i see and we see this with um some of the prominent
so-called health freedom people is that they try and trick the audience into saying that we don't
have any material or that um there's there's nothing to what we're saying now i mean i i write an essay
that was almost 30 000 words specifically addressing all of these problems with virology but of all
these critics that we've had the ones i've been in contact with and i've asked them did you read
my paper not one of them has they they don't even um pretend that they've read it and they
basically say that they don't need to and then go back to citing all of the biological nonsense
that we've um or clearly that's not me right but uh you know they're trying to put me in that same
bucket they want very much their viewers to not take Jonathan Cooley seriously as an alternative
view they don't want to take Jonathan Cooley seriously as a nuanced understanding that is
worth considering they are putting me in the bucket of every other person like Kevin McCairn
Charles Ricksy Kevin McCurnan everybody else maryll nast that says there was a novel
virus that they treated multiple times that early treatment worked for that millions of people
died from that probably was leaked from a by from a laboratory and maybe uh according to very
recently maybe it was even a clone and it spread around because we put a fear and cleavage site in
it I'm not saying any of that anymore and yet they are doing this entire hour to make sure
that all of their viewers believe that I have believe that that's me and misconstruing the
arguments that they've even played as though they represent a guy who thinks like that
keep the bite okay so now we'll move on to the final clip this is the best one just to comment
on the no virus thing I mean um some some listeners right now are gonna get angry with me but it's
fine I get pooped on from all uh directions but I just and I found that no virus people are the
most zealous zealous almost cult-like because you don't get it from the people who say oh it's a
bi-weapon or a different series and but the thing that gets me I can believe that I mean
COVID was not a virus and it was all manufactured okay I can go with that but they have further
gone and they throw the baby out with the bathwater sort of as you say and they say infectious
disease never existed pestilence plague contagion doesn't exist when I know from my very well
experience you know um infectious disease exists and that's the thing where it gets me where
guys I mean you've gone too too far you know any thought on that yeah I think you summarize
it perfectly I think it's it is a and I've been trying to say this on my stream it is a bit of a
trap and for some reason um I don't know if they're they're they're part of this or not I don't know
how to really think about it but some of the level of disingenuousness that exists on that side
in particular is extraordinary because as I tried to say earlier although I guess I probably didn't
say it very well but they're very meticulous when it comes to looking at viral papers and pointing
out the incongruencies between the control group and the experimental group and but more than a few
of these people have pointed to a woman by the name of Veda Austin who takes water from people's
bottles and freezes it and then it gives them messages in the form of an image that she can
you know show you pictures of and say that water has all this emotional memory
the same people who want you to take their scrutiny of virology seriously seem to not apply any
scrutiny to some of the other people that they that they co-promote which is so bizarre to me um and
so obviously fabricated I I don't even know how to say it any other way but but if you if you can
dedicate a whole hour to giving a meticulous presentation about how coronavirus 2 was never
isolated and that they're missing the proper controls but then pivot almost in a slide to
water memory and then not mention that Luke Montagnier was working on water memory in a very
specific form with reference to DNA delusions but focus exclusively on this you know pictures
and images of emotions it seems so so patently obvious that there's a game happening here
there wasn't any presentation of any scientific evidence to support germ theory that was mostly
just an holy shit so they're not going to address the fact that Tom colon and Andy
Colin have promoted this New Zealand lady who can freeze water and see wedding rings in it when
you think of wedding or love they're just going to completely ignore the fact that that I have
specifically said that the problem is is that they're right that's what I was saying they're
they're right about virology but then they're wrong about all this other shit so they cut that clip
as best their clever ass could cut it and it still reveals their little game because in the end
controller Andy Kaufman decides to completely ignore the clip they just played
that is freaking amazing watch it again because that's really amazing isolated and that they're
missing the proper controls but then pivot almost in a slide to water memory and then not
mentioned that Luke Montenier was working on water memory in a very specific form with reference
to DNA delusions but focus exclusively on this you know pictures and images of emotions it seems
so so patently obvious that there's a game happening here um there wasn't any presentation of any
scientific evidence to support germ theory that was mostly just an ad hominem kind of attack
and you know the the only thing really that contributes to germ theory who said germ theory
and I had hominem attack this is just extraordinary to me I never watched this video to the end because
I didn't have enough time in my life to waste and now I do because I do think it's an important
point to make because next month I might be on the same stage as this guy
there's a good chance I think that after this show that could be a problem we'll see
but I noticed that at the red pill conference that Andy Kaufman's not talking about this biology
at all even though for all of 2020 that was his job that was what he talked about and before 2020
he was working on prison bio surveillance this discussion is okay well if if you know
pestilence in the plague really exist and just point us to the evidence that shows
the you know agent that of causation and how that was determined and we would be happy to
you know discuss it whatever we think about anything else is you know just not relevant to
the issue and you know water science which you know I think we've all talked about
or at least Tom and I have talked about much in his experiments and others who have done
work in that area and many other areas. Tom has also talked about the chick that I mentioned
who freezes water and can read the emotions in it so don't obfuscate that that's what I said
it's related to water science so it's not a fair representation but it's still completely
irrelevant you know to the discussion about if germ has caused disease. It's not irrelevant
because if they have a valid position about whether germs cause disease or not but then they
regularly undermine themselves by saying stupid shit like there's no ion channels there are no
action potentials there's no electrical chemical conductance gradients across lipid
lipid bilayers like Tom Cowan said on March 1st of this year
and so even though in that video you we watched yesterday he nails the ivermectin explanation
and how they trick people into believing there was a novel virus by getting them to argue about
whether ivermectin worked he then pivots to saying that there's nothing going on in the brain that
we understand and none of this these biochemical and biophysical measurements that have done over
the course of 40 years just like the observations of these traveling RNAs it's just all nonsense
all these observations should just be ignored and there's we know nothing about ion channels says
Tom Cowan they want you to burn the whole library because virology is a lie they want you to burn
all of the sacred biology that that that we may have started to understand is there they want
you to burn all of that and they want you to go back to mythologies and and and witchcraft and
and all this other nonsense as the word nutrition been used at all in this
have they pointed out that americans are extremely unhealthy so it would be a real easy way to
pull off a mass casualty event or two to elevate all cause mortality with a combination of clever
numbers and also really bad protocols in order to convince the world that this that this illusion
of virology is true why not have a preface in the farewell to virology document that says this
the illusion in this book is so important for them to maintain that we
posit that they probably lied about murdering people all around the world in order to make
sure that this illusion of RNA high fidelity virology would be something that we would pass
on to our children how long have I been saying that and how long have they been ignoring it
because this video was meant to make sure that all of their viewers ignored me just like Kevin
McCairn makes videos to make sure that all of his viewers ignore me because the illusion was
created by these people the illusion is being sustained by some of these people and the illusion
is designed to trap us all and we're not all in the cage yet that's why we couldn't have got here
in 2020 that's why so many people were focused on making sure I didn't get here in 2020 even
though I was damn close that's the reason why people made sure that CHD and these people didn't
come together in one understanding in 2023 because we're not supposed to get there yet but we will
I assure you we will because the truth cannot be hidden forever because the criminal vaccine
schedule in America cannot be hidden forever because the lies that these people have told
will not be hidden forever ladies and gentlemen they definitely will not be hidden forever
ladies and gentlemen this has been GIGO and biological high resistance low noise information
brief bought to you by a pissed off biologist you can help support this stream by sharing
this video as widely as it can go email anyone you want by name including the people involved in
this charade and if you have the means and the desire please go to GIGO and biological and help
support this work thank you very much for joining me I'm sorry I started late and I'm sorry I went
long I hope some of it was useful and I will see you again tomorrow at 10.10
so
You